<think>
We have to produce JSON with analysis for each case C6-A to C6-E.

We need to understand scenario and rules.

Let's parse each case carefully.

We need for each case:
1. Infer most plausible latent process state, retaining at least one alternative state when evidence supports it.
2. Predict exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes.
3. Give honest probability interval for each prediction. Midpoint probabilities broadly coherent as top-three distribution but intervals need not sum exactly to 1.
4. Separate evidence that supports the prediction from evidence that contradicts it.
5. Identify unknowns that could materially change the ranking.
6. Distinguish a process-enabled action from the event most likely to be observed next in the log. For example, a task can be in progress while its completion event is not yet visible.

We need to include observation_model_caveat.

Also cross_case_discussion.

We need to be process-aware, use reasoning, not false precision.

Let's analyze each case.

First, understand normative states:
S0 REGISTERED: Complaint Registered occurred, triage not completed.
S1 TRIAGED: Initial Triage complete. Low-sev, single-device, clearly duplicate may be fast-closed.
S2 EVIDENCE_PENDING: Customer Evidence Requested occurred, but no corresponding Evidence Received yet logged.
S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW: Evidence received. Evidence Review may either request more evidence, open investigations, or support non-investigation closure.
S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN: one or more investigation obligations open. Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment may be executed in either order or concurrently. Supplier Analysis additionally required when common lot, supplier, or component implicated.
S5 DISPOSITION_READY: every mandatory investigation obligation complete and disposition can be selected.
Terminal outcomes include Fast Close, Close — No Safety Issue, Corrective Action Opened, Authority Notification followed by Close, and Product Hold/Recall Escalation.

Control-flow rules:
1. Complaint Registered -> Initial Triage.
2. Fast Close permitted only when severity Low, no injury/safety signal, and not linked to multiple devices or suspicious common lot.
3. Evidence cycle: Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received -> Evidence Review. Evidence Review may create another evidence cycle.
4. High-severity complaints and complaints with possible reportability signal require both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment before final disposition.
5. Supplier Analysis mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern same lot or supplier component. Disposition must wait for opened Supplier Analysis.
6. If Regulatory Assessment concludes "reportable," Authority Notification must occur before closure. Notifications transmitted in scheduled batch.
7. Operational log may omit or delay events during system migration. Missing event is not automatically evidence task did not occur.

Historical DFG frequencies and median times.

Operating conditions at 14:00:
- Evidence Review: 4 items waiting, 2 reviewers active; ordinary completion time after queue entry usually 1-5 h.
- Technical Investigation: 7 items waiting; one of three engineers unavailable rest of day. High-sev cases can overtake queue.
- Regulatory Assessment: 12 items waiting; priority based on reportability risk rather than FIFO. Completion can take 2-14 h after assignment.
- Supplier Analysis: 3 items waiting; typical completion 6-36 h.
- Authority Notification: batches at 16:00 each working day. Case becoming ready after 16:00 normally waits until next working day.
- Data migration: for cases created in last 48h, 8-15% of task-completion events may be delayed by up to 6h.

Now live cases.

Case C6-A:
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (09:00) -> Initial Triage (09:08) -> Customer Evidence Requested (09:25) -> Evidence Received (12:10)
- Severity: High
- Injury reported: Yes, medically reversible
- Related objects: two devices from same manufacturing lot; one complaint event linked to both devices
- Similar complaints in prior 30 days: 3
- Evidence completeness score: 0.86
- Assigned triage resource: R-T4, who usually handles potentially reportable cases
- Feed quality flag: normal

Need to determine state.

We have Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received. No Evidence Review Completed visible. So likely in S2? Wait S2 is EVIDENCE_PENDING: Customer Evidence Requested has occurred, but no corresponding Evidence Received event yet logged. But here Evidence Received has occurred (12:10). So not S2.

Next state is S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW: Evidence has been received. Evidence Review may either request more evidence, open investigations, or support non-investigation closure.

But we don't see Evidence Review Completed. The prefix ends at Evidence Received (12:10). At 14:00, it might be in progress or waiting. So primary state is S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW (evidence received, review in progress or pending). But we need to consider if Evidence Review might have completed but not logged? Feed quality normal, case created at 09:00 (within 48h? Yes, same day, but feed flag normal, migration only affects cases created in last 48h with flag migration-affected; here flag normal, so less likely but still possible? Actually migration affects feed for cases created in last 48h regardless? The condition says "Data migration: for cases created in the last 48h, an estimated 8-15% of task-completion events may be delayed..." But feed quality flag is "normal" vs "migration-affected". So for C6-A flag is normal, meaning likely not affected, but still possible? We'll treat as not delayed.

But also need to consider obligations: High severity, injury reported yes (medically reversible), related objects two devices same lot, similar complaints 3 prior 30 days. This suggests reportability signal. Also R-T4 handles reportable cases.

Given high severity and injury, rule 4 requires both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment before final disposition. Also rule 5: Supplier Analysis mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern same lot or supplier component. Here we have two devices from same lot, and one complaint linked to both devices, plus 3 similar complaints in prior 30 days. So likely Supplier Analysis is required.

But are investigations already opened? Not visible in prefix. So open obligations likely include Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and possibly Supplier Analysis.

But wait, in S3, evidence review can open investigations. So the state might be S3 with investigations not yet opened, or S4 if investigations have been opened but not completed. Since no investigation completion events are visible, and Evidence Review hasn't completed (no event), likely still in S3, and investigations are not yet opened or are pending. However, it's possible that Evidence Review was done and opened investigations, but events are missing? Given feed normal and no migration flag, less likely. But we should retain an alternative state: maybe S4 with open obligations if review completed but event delayed? Actually case was registered at 09:00, triage at 09:08, evidence requested 09:25, received 12:10. At 14:00, only about 2 hours have passed since evidence received. Evidence review typically takes 1-5h after queue entry, but there might be queue. The queue for Evidence Review has 4 items waiting, 2 reviewers active. So it's plausible that Evidence Review hasn't started or is in progress.

But also there could be hidden events: maybe Customer Evidence Requested happened, Evidence Received, then Evidence Review Completed happened but not logged? Unlikely with normal feed.

Thus primary state: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW (evidence received, review pending/in-progress, no investigation obligations yet visible, but likely to be opened). Alternative: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN if Review completed and opened investigations but events missing or delayed, or if review was done quickly and now investigations are in queue/progress.

Let's think about predictions.

We need exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes.

Given state S3, likely next is Evidence Review Completed. That is the direct next step in the evidence cycle. But we need to consider queue conditions: Evidence Review queue has 4 items waiting, 2 reviewers active, completion usually 1-5h after queue entry. The evidence was received at 12:10. By 14:00 (1h50m later), it might have entered queue and possibly completed? Median elapsed time Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h. So likely not completed yet, but could be in progress. The next logged event could be Evidence Review Completed, perhaps in the near future.

But also, given severity high and reportability, after evidence review, they might open Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment. However the next logged event is the completion of whatever is currently in progress or the initiation? Wait the log records task-completion events, not starts. So we only see completions. So the next event we see is the completion of the task currently being executed, or a new task that was started and completed quickly.

So if Evidence Review is currently being executed (started after 12:10), we will see Evidence Review Completed next.

But what about the possibility that Evidence Review requests more evidence? That would result in Customer Evidence Requested being the next event? Wait Customer Evidence Requested is a task completion event? The log records task-completion events. So "Customer Evidence Requested" is recorded when the request is made/completed. So after Evidence Review Completed, they might request more evidence, and that event would be logged. Or they might open Technical Investigation, but we only see Technical Investigation Completed.

Thus predictions should be about which completion event appears next.

Given the queue and median times, Evidence Review Completed is likely within 1-5h after entry. Since it's been ~2h since receipt, it might complete around now or within next few hours. So rank 1: Evidence Review Completed.

But wait: could Technical Investigation have already started? No, evidence hasn't been reviewed yet (normatively). So not likely.

Alternative predictions: Given high severity and reportability, and that there are 3 similar complaints, Supplier Analysis might be required. But that comes after evidence review opens it? Actually Supplier Analysis is required when common lot/supplier implicated. The complaint involves two devices from same lot and 3 similar complaints. This might trigger Supplier Analysis obligation. But the event we see is Supplier Analysis Completed. That takes 6-36h. Unlikely to be the very next event unless it was started earlier. But there's no prior event.

Another possibility: Because of migration-affected? No, flag normal. But there might be hidden events: maybe Evidence Review Completed already happened but is delayed in feed? The caveat says for cases created in last 48h, 8-15% of events may be delayed up to 6h. This case was created today at 09:00, within 48h. Even with flag normal, there is a small chance of delay. So an alternative is that Evidence Review Completed is actually already done but delayed, and the next visible event might be Technical Investigation Completed or Customer Evidence Requested (if more evidence requested). But we need to rank them.

Let's consider the three predictions for C6-A:

Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed. Reason: Evidence received at 12:10, now 14:00, queue conditions allow completion within 1-5h, median 2.8h from receipt. So likely in progress and will complete. Process-enabled: yes, evidence review is enabled upon receipt.

But we need to separate process-enabled action from event most likely observed. The task enabled is Evidence Review; the event observed is Evidence Review Completed.

Rank 2: Customer Evidence Requested (another cycle). Reason: Evidence completeness is 0.86, not perfect (1.0). Given high severity and reportability, reviewers may request more evidence (e.g., supplier cert, photos). Historical DFG shows Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested occurs 101 times with median 1.3h. So it's plausible that after review, more evidence is requested. But since we haven't seen review complete, this is a secondary path: review completes and then requests more. However, if review takes some time, the next event could still be review complete, then request. But we are predicting the very next logged activity. So Customer Evidence Requested could happen if review completed quickly and requested more, but then we'd miss the review completion event? No, the review completion event would be logged first (since it's the task that produces the request). Actually the sequence is Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested. So if review requests more, we should first see Evidence Review Completed, then Customer Evidence Requested. So Customer Evidence Requested being the very next event implies that Evidence Review Completed happened but was not logged (delayed/missing). Given migration risk (small), this is possible but less likely. So rank 2 could be Evidence Review Completed leading to Technical Investigation Completed? Wait we need exactly three predictions.

Let's think about other obligations. High severity requires both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment. After evidence review, these can be opened. They may run concurrently. But we only see completions. The queue for Technical Investigation has 7 items waiting, one engineer out, but high-sev can overtake. Median time from Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed is 8.5h. From Evidence Review Completed -> Close - No Safety Issue is 3.1h but not applicable here (high severity, injury).

But also there is Supplier Analysis required. From Evidence Review Completed -> Supplier Analysis? Not in DFG. But Supplier Analysis Completed -> Disposition Recorded median 3.4h.

Given all this, the next event is likely Evidence Review Completed. The second could be Technical Investigation Completed if review was done quickly and investigation was opened and completed? Unlikely given 8.5h median. But maybe investigation was already started? Not normatively.

Wait, there's also the possibility of Regulatory Assessment being opened and completed. Median from Evidence Review Completed -> Regulatory Assessment? Not in DFG directly, but Technical Investigation Completed -> Regulatory Assessment Completed is 5.0h, and Regulatory Assessment Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed is 6.0h, showing they can be in either order.

But since we haven't seen either investigation started or completed, it's unlikely one completes before Evidence Review is done.

Thus predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (probability range maybe 0.60-0.80)
2. Technical Investigation Completed? Or Customer Evidence Requested? Or Authority Notification? Let's evaluate.

Actually, there is a hidden possibility: The case might already be in S4, with investigations in progress, and Evidence Review was completed but not logged. Then the next event could be Technical Investigation Completed (if near completion) or Regulatory Assessment Completed. But given the prefix only goes up to Evidence Received, and feed is normal, it's less likely but we should include it as an alternative in predictions? The prompt asks for exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes. So we should cover the main path and some alternatives.

Let's rank:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed.
Range: low 0.55, high 0.80.

Rank 2: Customer Evidence Requested (implying review completed and requested more, possibly with review event delayed). Or maybe "Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested" but we only list the next event, which is Customer Evidence Requested if review event is missing. But we could also list Evidence Review Completed with a different reasoning? No, we need three distinct predictions.

Let's consider Rank 2: Technical Investigation Completed. How could that happen? If Evidence Review was completed shortly after 12:10 (say by 12:30) and opened Technical Investigation immediately, and given high severity it was prioritized. It's now 14:00, about 1.5h later. Median from Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed is 8.5h, so unlikely to be done by 14:00. So Technical Investigation Completed is unlikely as the very next event.

What about Regulatory Assessment Completed? Similar, median 5.0h or 6.0h.

What about Supplier Analysis Completed? Even longer (6-36h).

So Rank 2 should be Customer Evidence Requested (after a hidden/delayed review completion, or if review is quick and requests more). But wait, there's also the possibility that Evidence Review is not needed? No, normatively it is.

Another option: The case might fast-close? No, severity high, injury yes, multiple devices, not permitted.

Another option: The case might have Evidence Review Completed but delayed, and now they are in investigation. But the next event could be Regulatory Assessment Completed if R-R2 opened it? Wait R-T4 is triage resource. There's mention of R-R2 for C6-D. For C6-A, no regulatory specialist mentioned.

Thus Rank 2: Customer Evidence Requested (new evidence cycle). Range: low 0.10, high 0.25.

Rank 3: Technical Investigation Completed? Or maybe "Evidence Review Completed" is rank 1, and rank 3 is "No event visible until later"? No, we need specific activities.

Wait, the prompt says "Predict exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes." So they should be specific event names.

Given that there is a queue for Evidence Review (4 waiting, 2 active), and the case entered at 12:10, it's plausible it's currently being reviewed. The review might result in opening investigations rather than requesting more evidence. But the event of opening an investigation is not logged (only completions are logged). So after Evidence Review Completed, we might see nothing for a while, then eventually Technical Investigation Completed or Regulatory Assessment Completed.

But we are predicting the very next event in the log. So after Evidence Review Completed, the next event could be another Evidence Review? No.

Actually, we need to think about the log dynamics: Only completion events are logged. So if Evidence Review is in progress now, the next event is its completion. Once that happens, the next event could be the completion of another task that was started concurrently? But investigations are likely started after review. So there will be a gap.

But also, there might be missing events: For example, Customer Evidence Requested might have happened but not logged? No, the prefix includes it.

Thus for C6-A, I will predict:
1. Evidence Review Completed
2. Customer Evidence Requested (indicating review finished and requested more evidence, possibly with review event delayed or quickly done)
3. Technical Investigation Completed (indicating review finished quickly, investigation was opened and prioritized due to high severity, and completed faster than median? Or maybe it's in progress from earlier? Unlikely, but we include as low-probability alternative).

But wait, there's also Supplier Analysis. Given 3 similar complaints and same lot, Supplier Analysis is mandatory. Could it have been started already? Not likely before evidence review.

Let's refine ranges:
- Evidence Review Completed: [0.58, 0.82]
- Customer Evidence Requested: [0.08, 0.22]
- Technical Investigation Completed: [0.05, 0.15]

But we need them to be broadly coherent as top-three distribution. 0.58-0.82, 0.08-0.22, 0.05-0.15. The midpoints are about 0.70, 0.15, 0.10. Sum about 0.95, okay.

Now supporting evidence:
- Evidence received at 12:10 and no review completion visible.
- Median Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h, so expected around 14:58.
- Queue conditions: 4 waiting, 2 active, typical 1-5h after entry.
- Severity high and injury present drive urgency but don't skip review.
- Evidence completeness 0.86 suggests near-complete but may need supplementation.

Contradicting evidence:
- High severity might cause review to be expedited and already completed but event delayed (migration risk for 48h cases, though flag normal).
- Two devices same lot and 3 prior complaints may mean investigation obligations are already recognized, possibly skipping straight to investigation? No, normative state requires review.
- Similar complaints might allow fast closure? No, high severity/injury prohibits.

Unknowns:
- Whether Evidence Review has actually started or is queued.
- Whether the review concludes reportable and requires more evidence or opens investigations.
- Whether Supplier Analysis has already been triggered and is in progress.
- Actual queue position of this case.

Observation model caveat:
- Log records only completions; Evidence Review may be in progress now.
- Case created within 48h, so 8-15% of events may be delayed up to 6h despite normal feed flag.
- A missing Evidence Review Completed does not prove it hasn't occurred.

Now Case C6-B:
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (09:02) -> Initial Triage (09:11) -> Customer Evidence Requested (09:30) -> Evidence Received (12:16)
- Severity: Low
- Injury reported: No
- Related objects: one device
- Similar complaints prior 30 days: 0; text similarity to previously resolved duplicate complaint is 0.93
- Evidence completeness score: 0.98
- Assigned triage resource: R-T4
- Feed quality flag: normal

State: Evidence received at 12:16, no review complete visible. So primary S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW.

But wait, severity is low, single device, no injury, high similarity to duplicate (0.93). Rule 2 allows Fast Close only when low severity, no injury/safety signal, and not linked to multiple devices or suspicious common lot. Here it's single device, low severity, no injury, not suspicious lot. However, we have evidence requested and received. The normative path: Initial Triage -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received -> Evidence Review. At review, for a clear duplicate with completeness 0.98, they might close quickly (Close — No Safety Issue) or Fast Close? But Fast Close is permitted only from S1 (after triage) if conditions met. Wait rule 2 says "Fast Close is permitted only when severity is Low, there is no injury or safety signal, and the complaint is not linked to multiple devices or a suspicious common lot." The state abstraction says: "S1 TRIAGED: Initial Triage is complete. A low-severity, single-device, clearly duplicate complaint may be fast-closed."

So Fast Close can happen directly from S1, without going through evidence. But here we already have Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received. So the path went through evidence. However, after Evidence Review, they could still close with "Close — No Safety Issue" (a terminal outcome). Or they could fast-close? The normative state abstraction lists Fast Close as a terminal outcome, not necessarily restricted to S1 in the event log? The rule says "Fast Close is permitted only..." but since they already requested evidence, maybe they won't fast-close now. But they could still close with Close — No Safety Issue after review.

Given the high similarity to duplicate and completeness 0.98, it's likely that evidence review will conclude it's a duplicate and close with no safety issue. Or possibly fast-close if they recognize duplicate at triage? But triage already happened at 09:11 and they requested evidence, so they didn't fast-close then.

Thus primary state: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW, with high likelihood of closing without investigation.

Alternative state: Maybe Evidence Review was already completed (given high completeness and duplicate) and the closure event is pending or delayed. Or maybe they are in S5 DISPOSITION_READY? No, no investigation obligations for low severity unless reportability signal. There's no reportability signal mentioned (R-T4 handles reportable cases, but severity low, no injury). So no mandatory investigations.

But wait, similar complaints: 0 in prior 30 days, but text similarity to previously resolved duplicate is 0.93. So it's likely a duplicate.

Thus open obligations: likely none, except the evidence review itself. Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received.

But could there be a hidden investigation? Unlikely.

Predictions:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed. Still the direct next step. Range maybe [0.60, 0.85]. But given duplicate and completeness, review might be quick.

Rank 2: Close — No Safety Issue. This is the terminal outcome likely after review. But we need the next logged activity. After Evidence Review Completed, the next could be Disposition Recorded? Wait the log includes "Disposition Recorded" and then "Close — No Safety Issue" (median 1.0h) or "Corrective Action Opened" (median 3.0h). Actually the DFG shows:
Evidence Review Completed -> Close — No Safety Issue (68 counts, median 3.1h)
Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested (101, 1.3h)
Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed (173, 8.5h)

Also Disposition Recorded -> Close — No Safety Issue (132, 1.0h)

So the path might be Evidence Review Completed -> Disposition Recorded -> Close — No Safety Issue. Or Evidence Review Completed directly to Close — No Safety Issue? The DFG lists "Evidence Review Completed -> Close — No Safety Issue" with count 68, median 3.1h. So yes, direct closure is possible (maybe disposition is implicit).

Thus Rank 2 could be Close — No Safety Issue (if review is done and disposition selected quickly, possibly with review event delayed). Or Disposition Recorded.

But we need three predictions. Let's think about the timing. Evidence received at 12:16. At 14:00, about 1.75h passed. Median review completion after receipt is 2.8h, so expected around 15:00. So it's plausible review is done or near done.

But also, given that completeness is 0.98 and duplicate, the review might be very quick, maybe already done but event delayed? Given migration risk (case within 48h, flag normal but 8-15% risk). So there's a non-trivial chance that Evidence Review Completed is actually already done but not visible, and the next event is either Disposition Recorded or Close — No Safety Issue.

Thus predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (process-enabled: review in progress, expected within 1-5h). Range: [0.55, 0.80].
2. Close — No Safety Issue (terminal; review may have completed quickly for clear duplicate and closure is being processed, possibly with intermediate disposition event missing). Range: [0.08, 0.25].
3. Customer Evidence Requested? No, that contradicts high completeness and duplicate. Or maybe Disposition Recorded? Let's include Disposition Recorded as Rank 3? Actually Disposition Recorded is a task. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed -> ... but not directly to Disposition Recorded except via investigations. Wait for low severity, after review they might record disposition directly? The state S5 is DISPOSITION_READY after investigations complete. But if no investigations needed, they can go directly to disposition? The normative abstraction says S5 is when every mandatory investigation obligation is complete and a disposition can be selected. If none are mandatory, then after S3 they could be in S5 effectively. So Disposition Recorded could happen.

But the DFG shows "Disposition Recorded -> Close — No Safety Issue" (132, 1.0h) and "Disposition Recorded -> Corrective Action Opened" etc. It doesn't show direct entry to Disposition Recorded except from Technical or Regulatory investigation. But that might be because in the historical data, most cases have investigations. For low severity without investigation, maybe they go directly to Close — No Safety Issue from Evidence Review Completed.

Thus Rank 3: Disposition Recorded. Range: [0.05, 0.15].

But wait, we need exactly three predictions. Let's assign:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed
Rank 2: Close — No Safety Issue
Rank 3: Disposition Recorded

But is Disposition Recorded plausible without seeing investigation? Yes, if no obligations.

Alternatively, Rank 3 could be Customer Evidence Requested if review finds something missing despite 0.98 completeness. But given duplicate similarity, less likely.

Let's think about supporting and contradicting evidence.

Supporting for predictions:
- Evidence received at 12:16, no review visible; median 2.8h.
- Low severity, no injury, single device, high duplicate similarity, completeness 0.98 -> supports quick closure.
- R-T4 assigned, handles reportable cases, but this is not reportable.

Contradicting:
- Evidence completeness is 0.86? No, for B it's 0.98.
- Similar complaints 0, but similarity to old duplicate is 0.93.
- Queue conditions might delay review.
- Migration could delay visibility of review or closure.
- Fast Close was not taken at triage, suggesting the case was not immediately recognized as duplicate, so review might be needed.

Unknowns:
- Actual queue position and reviewer assignment.
- Whether the duplicate match is confirmed.
- Whether any hidden reportability signal exists.
- Feed delay for recent events.

Observation model caveat:
- Only completions logged; Evidence Review may be in progress or completed but delayed.
- Case within 48h, possible 8-15% event delay up to 6h.

Now Case C6-C:
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (previous day 15:10) -> Initial Triage -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed (today 11:45)
- Severity: Medium
- Injury reported: No
- Related objects: one device, but four complaints share same failure mode across different lots
- Country rule: repeated malfunction can be reportable even without injury
- Technical conclusion: root cause plausible but not confirmed
- No Regulatory Assessment completion visible
- Feed quality flag: normal

Need state. We have up to Technical Investigation Completed (today 11:45). No Regulatory Assessment visible. Given country rule: repeated malfunction can be reportable even without injury. So there's a possible reportability signal. Rule 4: High-severity complaints and complaints with a possible reportability signal require both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment before final disposition. This is medium severity but has reportability signal (repeated malfunction, four complaints same failure mode across lots). So both are required.

Also rule 5: Supplier Analysis mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern same lot or supplier component. Here four complaints share same failure mode across different lots. So not same lot, but same failure mode across different lots. Does this trigger Supplier Analysis? The rule says "when two or more apparently related complaints concern the same lot or supplier component." Here they share failure mode but different lots. So maybe not mandatory unless a common supplier/component is implicated. The case mentions "related objects: one device, but four complaints share the same failure mode across different lots". This suggests a possible common component or supplier, but not confirmed. Given technical conclusion "root cause plausible but not confirmed", there may be suspicion of supplier/component issue. So Supplier Analysis might be required if a common component is implicated, but it's not clear.

Thus state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN? Wait we have Technical Investigation Completed. So that obligation is complete. But Regulatory Assessment is not visible. So one obligation open: Regulatory Assessment. Also possibly Supplier Analysis open.

But wait, the state S4 is "one or more investigation obligations are open. Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment may be executed in either order or concurrently. Supplier Analysis is additionally required when..."

Since Technical Investigation is completed, but Regulatory Assessment is not visible, we are in S4 with Regulatory Assessment open (and possibly Supplier Analysis open).

But is it possible that Regulatory Assessment is in progress? Yes. The log records only completions, so no Regulatory Assessment start or in-progress visible. At 14:00, we have Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45. So about 2h15m have passed. Regulatory Assessment queue has 12 items waiting, priority based on reportability risk, completion 2-14h after assignment. Given reportability risk, this case might have high priority. So Regulatory Assessment could have been assigned and might be in progress or near completion.

But also, there's no Evidence Review? Wait the prefix includes Evidence Review Completed, then Technical Investigation Completed. So evidence review is done.

Alternative state: Maybe Regulatory Assessment was already completed but event is missing/delayed? The feed flag is normal, but case was created previous day 15:10 (more than 24h ago, but within 48h? Yes, previous day 15:10 to today 14:00 is about 23h, so within 48h. So migration delay risk applies (8-15%). Also, there is a separate worklist? No, that's for D.

Thus primary state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN with Regulatory Assessment open (and possibly Supplier Analysis suspected/open).

Alternative state: S5 DISPOSITION_READY if Regulatory Assessment was actually completed but not logged, and Supplier Analysis is not required. Or if Supplier Analysis was required but also completed and not logged.

But given "No Regulatory Assessment completion is visible", it's more likely open.

Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, Evidence Review Completed, Technical Investigation Completed.

Open/suspected obligations: Regulatory Assessment (mandatory due to reportability signal), Supplier Analysis (possible due to cross-lot failure mode and unconfirmed root cause).

Predictions:
We need three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes.

Given Regulatory Assessment is required and likely prioritized due to reportability risk, the next event is likely Regulatory Assessment Completed. The queue has 12 items, but priority is risk-based. Median times: Technical Investigation Completed -> Regulatory Assessment Completed is 5.0h, and Regulatory Assessment Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed is 6.0h. But here Technical Investigation was completed at 11:45. If Regulatory Assessment was started around that time or earlier (concurrently?), then by 14:00 about 2h have elapsed. Given completion can take 2-14h after assignment, it could complete later today or tomorrow.

But also, Supplier Analysis might be required and in progress. Typical completion 6-36h. So less likely to be the very next event.

Another possibility: After Technical Investigation Completed, they might record Disposition? No, because Regulatory Assessment is mandatory.

Another possibility: The case might open Corrective Action or Authority Notification? No, that's after disposition.

Thus Rank 1: Regulatory Assessment Completed. Range: [0.55, 0.80].

Rank 2: Supplier Analysis Completed? Or maybe Supplier Analysis is opened and completed? Unlikely to be next if it takes 6-36h, but if it was started earlier. However, there's no event for it being opened. But it might have been started concurrently with Technical Investigation. Given four complaints across lots, it's plausible it was triggered earlier. But since it's not in the log, we don't know. So Rank 2 could be Supplier Analysis Completed, but with lower probability.

Wait, but the prompt asks for "plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes". Given that Regulatory Assessment is likely in progress and will finish, but Supplier Analysis might also be in progress. Which one is more likely? Regulatory Assessment has median 5h from technical investigation completion, and it's been 2h15m. So it might finish in the next few hours (by 16:00-18:00). Supplier Analysis takes 6-36h, so if started around the same time, it might finish later (tomorrow). So Regulatory Assessment Completed is clearly rank 1.

For rank 2: Given that root cause is plausible but not confirmed, and there are four complaints across different lots, the evidence review or investigation might have triggered Supplier Analysis. Even if not yet visible, it might be in progress. But the next event after Regulatory Assessment could be Supplier Analysis Completed if it was started earlier and takes longer. But actually if Regulatory Assessment completes first, then we still need Supplier Analysis if required, so the next event could be Supplier Analysis Completed (if it completes after regulatory? Or before?). But they can be concurrent.

However, we are predicting the very next event. So if both are in progress, the one with shorter remaining time is Regulatory Assessment.

Thus Rank 2: Supplier Analysis Completed? Or maybe "Disposition Recorded"? No, not until all obligations done.

But wait, there is also the possibility that Regulatory Assessment is not required? The rule says "High-severity complaints and complaints with a possible reportability signal require both..." This is medium severity but country rule says repeated malfunction can be reportable. So yes, required.

But what if Regulatory Assessment was already done but missing? Then the state could be S5, and the next event could be Disposition Recorded. So we should include that as Rank 3? Or Rank 2?

Let's consider alternatives. Given feed is normal but case within 48h, there's a small chance of missing event. So Rank 2 or 3 could be Disposition Recorded or Close — No Safety Issue? No, medium severity, repeated malfunction, likely needs corrective action or notification.

But actually, if Regulatory Assessment is missing and Supplier Analysis not required, then they are in S5 and could record disposition. The disposition might be "Corrective Action Opened" or "Authority Notification". But given reportability risk, likely reportable.

Thus predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (process-enabled: required due to reportability signal, queue priority high, likely assigned). Range: [0.55, 0.80].
2. Supplier Analysis Completed (process-enabled: likely required due to cross-lot pattern; may be running concurrently; longer timeline but could finish if started early). Range: [0.08, 0.22].
3. Disposition Recorded (process-enabled: only if Regulatory Assessment and Supplier Analysis are actually complete but unlogged; then disposition can be selected). Range: [0.05, 0.18].

But wait, we need to separate process-enabled action from event most likely observed. For each prediction, we have "process_enabled": true. Actually the field is "process_enabled": true. Wait the structure says:
"process_enabled": true,
This might be a boolean indicating whether the process allows/enables that action. Or it might be a flag that we need to distinguish. The prompt says: "Distinguish a process-enabled action from the event most likely to be observed next in the log. For example, a task can be in progress while its completion event is not yet visible."

Looking at the required output structure, each prediction has:
"next_logged_activity_or_termination": "...",
"probability_range": {"low": 0.00, "high": 1.00},
"process_enabled": true,
"reasoning": "..."

So "process_enabled" is likely a boolean we set to true if the action is enabled by the process (normatively allowed). But the instruction says "Distinguish a process-enabled action from the event most likely to be observed next in the log." So in the reasoning we should discuss both: the task that is enabled (e.g., Regulatory Assessment is in progress/enabled) and the event we expect to see (Regulatory Assessment Completed).

Thus for each rank, we can set process_enabled: true (since all are enabled) and in reasoning explain.

But actually, maybe for some predictions the action is not enabled? For example, predicting Fast Close for C6-A is not enabled. So we should not include it. So all our predictions should be process-enabled.

Thus for C6-C:
Rank 1: Regulatory Assessment Completed. Process enabled: yes, required.
Range: [0.58, 0.80].

Rank 2: Supplier Analysis Completed. Process enabled: yes, likely required.
Range: [0.08, 0.20].

Rank 3: Disposition Recorded. Process enabled: yes, if obligations are actually met (alternative state).
Range: [0.05, 0.15].

But wait, could the next event be "Authority Notification"? Only after disposition and if reportable. Unlikely next.

Thus this seems okay.

Supporting evidence:
- Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45, no Regulatory Assessment visible.
- Reportability signal present (four complaints same failure mode across lots, country rule).
- Queue conditions for Regulatory Assessment: 12 waiting but risk-prioritized, 2-14h.
- Normal feed, but within 48h so slight delay possible.

Contradicting evidence:
- Technical Investigation conclusion is "root cause plausible but not confirmed" - might delay regulatory assessment?
- No explicit supplier/component link mentioned, so Supplier Analysis may not be mandatory.
- Feed normal, so missing Regulatory Assessment event likely means task is genuinely open.

Unknowns:
- Whether Regulatory Assessment has already been assigned and is near completion.
- Whether Supplier Analysis was triggered and is in progress.
- The actual reportability determination (might be non-reportable, allowing closure without notification? But still requires assessment).
- Queue position for this specific case.

Observation model caveat:
- Only completion events logged; Regulatory Assessment may be in progress since 11:45 or earlier.
- Case registered previous day, within 48h window, so up to 6h delay possible for about 8-15% of events.
- Absence of Supplier Analysis event does not confirm absence of the task.

Now Case C6-D:
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (08:20) -> Initial Triage (08:29) -> Technical Investigation Completed (13:05)
- Severity: High
- Injury reported: Yes
- Related objects: one device
- Customer attachment exists in source system, but no Customer Evidence Requested or Evidence Received event appears in analytical log
- Regulatory specialist R-R2 opened this case at 12:40 according to separate worklist snapshot, but no completion event exists
- Feed quality flag: migration-affected

State: We have Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, then Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05. There's no evidence request/received/review in the log. But there is a customer attachment in source system. Given migration-affected flag, it's likely that some events are missing/delayed. Specifically, Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received might have occurred but are delayed or omitted. Also, Evidence Review might have occurred.

But also, Regulatory specialist R-R2 opened the case at 12:40 (worklist snapshot), indicating Regulatory Assessment is in progress.

Given severity high and injury yes, rule 4 requires both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment. Technical Investigation is completed (13:05). Regulatory Assessment is open/in-progress (R-R2 opened at 12:40). So state is S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN with Regulatory Assessment open, and possibly other obligations?

But wait, there's no evidence cycle visible. Could it be that evidence was never requested? The attachment exists in source, but maybe the process went directly to investigation due to high severity? The normative rules say evidence cycle exists, but it's not strictly mandatory? Actually rule 3 describes an evidence cycle, but doesn't say it's mandatory for all cases. For high severity with injury, they might open investigation immediately. But the state abstraction includes S2 and S3. However, if evidence was requested and received but missing from log due to migration, then we might be in S3 or S4 with hidden events.

Thus primary state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN (Technical Investigation completed, Regulatory Assessment in progress/open). Alternative state: S3 or earlier with missing evidence events (Customer Evidence Requested/Received/Review) delayed in feed, or S5 if Regulatory Assessment was actually completed but missing.

But also need to consider Supplier Analysis? Related objects: one device. No mention of similar complaints or lot issues. So likely not required.

Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Technical Investigation Completed. Possibly Evidence Review Completed (hidden).

Open/suspected obligations: Regulatory Assessment (confirmed open via worklist). Possibly Customer Evidence cycle (hidden).

Predictions:
We need next logged activities.

Given migration-affected flag, 8-15% of events delayed up to 6h for cases in last 48h (this case registered at 08:20 today, so yes). So some missing events might appear suddenly.

Specifically, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, and Evidence Review Completed might be delayed and appear in the log later. Or they might never appear if they truly didn't happen.

But R-R2 opened case at 12:40, and Technical Investigation completed at 13:05. At 14:00, Regulatory Assessment has been open for about 1h20m. Given queue conditions (12 waiting, 2-14h after assignment), it might take several hours. So Regulatory Assessment Completed is likely eventually, but not immediately.

But also, the missing evidence events could be logged retroactively? Or they might appear now if the migration delay is resolved.

Thus the very next event in the log could be one of the missing evidence events (e.g., Customer Evidence Requested or Evidence Received) that was actually done earlier but now being fed. Or it could be Regulatory Assessment Completed if it's quick (unlikely).

But also, there might be a hidden Evidence Review Completed.

Let's think about the process: For high severity with injury, they need both investigations. They might have requested evidence but it's missing. The customer attachment exists. So likely Customer Evidence Requested and Received happened but are missing.

Thus predictions:
Rank 1: Regulatory Assessment Completed? Or a delayed missing event?

We need to be honest about uncertainty.

Given that R-R2 opened the case at 12:40, and it's now 14:00, the assessment is in progress. The queue is long but risk-prioritized. For high severity with injury, it's likely high priority. So it might be completed in 2-6h, i.e., by 16:00-18:00. But also there are 12 items waiting.

However, the missing evidence events might be fed in with delay up to 6h. If they occurred around 09:00-12:00, they might appear within the next few hours. So the next event could be one of them.

But which one is most plausible?

Let's consider the timeline:
08:20 Registered
08:29 Triage
Then presumably Customer Evidence Requested might have happened shortly after (like other cases at 09:25, 09:30). But it's not in the log.
Then Evidence Received might have happened (attachment exists).
Then Evidence Review might have happened.
Then Technical Investigation was completed at 13:05.

Given that Technical Investigation was completed, it's likely that evidence review had occurred (normatively investigation follows review). So Evidence Review Completed might have occurred before 13:05. But it's missing from log, possibly due to migration.

Thus the missing events are likely in the past, and might be backfilled. But the log is "live" at 14:00; we see what's visible. The question is "Predict exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes." This means from now (14:00) forward, what will be the next event to appear in the log?

Given that some past events are missing, they could appear now (backfill). Or new events occur.

Thus Rank 1: Regulatory Assessment Completed. Even though it's in progress, it's the active forward-moving task. But given queue, maybe not immediate.

Wait, but there is also the possibility that the missing events appear in the feed suddenly. For example, Customer Evidence Requested (from 09:xx) might be inserted into the log now with its original timestamp? Or with current timestamp? Usually in event logs, delayed events might appear with original timestamp but inserted now. The prompt says "the operational log may omit or delay events... A missing event is not automatically evidence that the underlying task did not occur." So yes, delayed events might appear.

Thus the next visible entry could be a delayed event from earlier in the day.

But we need to predict "next logged activities" - likely meaning the next event that gets recorded (with its actual occurrence or logging time).

Given the feed is migration-affected, there's a cluster of missing events. The system might be catching up. So it's plausible that in the next hour, several missing events appear: Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, Evidence Review Completed, maybe even Regulatory Assessment started? But we only predict one at a time? Actually we predict three plausible ones, ranked.

Thus:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed (delayed backfill or actual completion if not done). But wait, Technical Investigation was completed, so Evidence Review likely was done. So the missing event is likely Evidence Review Completed, or Customer Evidence Received, etc. But which is the next one to be backfilled?

Actually, we don't know the order of backfill. But the most impactful missing event that enables the state is Evidence Review Completed.

But also R-R2 opened the case at 12:40, which might be logged as Regulatory Assessment Completed? No, "opened this case" means started, not completed. There's no start event in log, but the worklist snapshot shows it.

Thus for predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed: The active forward process. Range maybe [0.30, 0.55].
2. Evidence Review Completed (delayed/backfilled): Given technical investigation is done, review must have happened. Range [0.15, 0.35].
3. Customer Evidence Requested or Evidence Received (delayed/backfilled): Given attachment exists, these likely happened. Or maybe "Authority Notification"? No, too early.

But wait, we need to be coherent. Let's assign ranges that sum somewhat but not necessarily.

Actually, let's think more carefully. The case is high severity, injury yes. The queue for Regulatory Assessment is 12 items, but risk-based priority. This case likely has high risk (injury, high severity). So R-R2 might be working on it now. The median time after assignment is 2-14h. If assigned at 12:40, then by 14:00 only 1h20m elapsed. So it's unlikely to be completed immediately; probably takes until late afternoon or evening. So Regulatory Assessment Completed is plausible but not immediate.

Meanwhile, the missing evidence events could be backfilled at any time. Given migration delay up to 6h, and they might have occurred around 09:00, they are within the delay window. So they could appear very soon.

But also, there might be a missing "Customer Evidence Requested" event that hasn't happened yet? No, attachment exists in source, suggesting it was requested and received.

Thus I think the next event is more likely a delayed/backfilled event from the evidence cycle, particularly Evidence Received or Evidence Review Completed.

But wait, the prefix already includes Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05. So the log has recent events. The missing ones are in the middle. The system might have missed them during migration.

Thus Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed (backfilled). Reason: Technical Investigation Completed implies review was done; feed is migration-affected; likely delayed.

But is Evidence Review Completed the most likely? Or could it be Customer Evidence Received?

Let's examine the typical sequence: Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed.

We have Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05. So Evidence Review Completed should have occurred before that, likely around 11:00-12:00. Given the migration delay up to 6h, if it occurred at 11:00, it should be visible by 17:00, but might be delayed. Actually the delay is "delayed in the analytical feed by up to 6h". So if it occurred at 11:00, it might appear by 17:00. But it's now 14:00, so it might appear within the next few hours.

But also Customer Evidence Requested and Received might have occurred around 09:30 and 11:00, and also be delayed.

Thus there could be a burst of backfilled events.

But for our prediction, we need exactly three.

Let's do:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed. Probability range: [0.35, 0.60]. Reason: Must precede Technical Investigation; likely occurred but delayed in migration-affected feed; also queue conditions don't apply since it's past.

Rank 2: Regulatory Assessment Completed. Range: [0.20, 0.40]. Reason: R-R2 actively working since 12:40; high-risk case gets priority; median 2-14h; could finish by late afternoon.

Rank 3: Customer Evidence Received (backfilled). Range: [0.08, 0.20]. Reason: Attachment exists in source but event missing; likely occurred earlier and will be backfilled.

But wait, Customer Evidence Received is before Evidence Review, so if Evidence Review is backfilled, then Customer Evidence Received should also be backfilled, but maybe in the same batch. However, we only need three plausible ones.

But there's a problem: If we predict Evidence Review Completed as rank 1, and Regulatory Assessment Completed as rank 2, that's okay.

But we need to ensure "process_enabled" is true. Yes.

Now supporting evidence:
- Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05 requires prior Evidence Review.
- R-R2 worklist shows Regulatory Assessment open at 12:40.
- Customer attachment exists but no request/receipt in log.
- Migration-affected flag allows up to 6h delay.
- High severity and injury require regulatory assessment.

Contradicting evidence:
- Normal feed for other cases, but this one is flagged.
- No evidence events visible at all, could mean they truly never happened (process deviation) rather than missing.
- Regulatory Assessment queue is long (12 waiting), so even with priority, it might take longer.
- Technical Investigation was completed quickly (registered 08:20, triage 08:29, investigation done by 13:05 = ~4.5h), which is faster than median 8.5h from review, suggesting review might have happened very quickly or was skipped.

Unknowns:
- Actual occurrence times of missing evidence events.
- Whether Supplier Analysis or other obligations exist.
- The reportability conclusion of R-R2.
- How many other high-priority cases are ahead in regulatory queue.

Observation model caveat:
- Log records only completions; starts and in-progress tasks are invisible except via worklist snapshots.
- Migration-affected feed means missing middle events (Evidence Requested, Received, Review) may be delayed by up to 6h or permanently lost.
- Worklist snapshot for R-R2 is external and not part of the event log.
- A missing event is not proof of absence, but also backfill is not guaranteed.

Now Case C6-E:
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (previous day 10:00) -> Initial Triage -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received (today 13:20)
- Severity: Low
- Injury reported: No
- Related objects: one device in a lot now linked to six complaints
- The second evidence package contains a supplier certificate and photographs
- Evidence completeness score after second receipt: 0.72
- No investigation completion is visible
- Feed quality flag: normal

State: We have two evidence cycles. First: Requested -> Received -> Review Completed. Then second: Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received (today 13:20). No Evidence Review Completed for the second cycle. So primary state: S2? Wait S2 is Customer Evidence Requested occurred but no Evidence Received. Here we have Evidence Received at 13:20, but no Evidence Review Completed. So it's S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW for the second cycle.

But wait, there's also the lot linked to six complaints. Rule 5: Supplier Analysis mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern same lot or supplier component. Here one device in a lot now linked to six complaints. So Supplier Analysis is mandatory. Has it been opened? No investigation completion visible, but Supplier Analysis might be in progress.

Also severity is low, no injury. So Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment are not mandatory (rule 4 applies to high-severity or reportable signal). Is there a reportability signal? Not mentioned. Country rule? Not mentioned. So likely only Supplier Analysis is mandatory (if lot-related).

But also, after the first Evidence Review Completed, they requested more evidence (the second cycle). The second package contains supplier certificate and photographs, and completeness is 0.72 (lower than first, maybe because it's different type). So they are still gathering evidence.

Thus primary state: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW (second cycle, evidence received at 13:20, review pending/in-progress). Alternative state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN if Supplier Analysis was opened after first review and is in progress, and maybe Technical Investigation was opened? But severity is low, no injury, so likely not. But the lot issue might trigger Supplier Analysis.

Wait, the normative state S4 includes "one or more investigation obligations are open. Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment may be executed... Supplier Analysis is additionally required..."

So if Supplier Analysis is open, we are in S4 even if Technical/Regulatory are not required.

But we don't see Supplier Analysis Completed. Could it be in progress? Yes.

Thus primary: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW (second evidence cycle, review not yet done). Alternative: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN (Supplier Analysis open, possibly started after first review or upon discovery of lot linkage; Evidence Review of second package also pending).

Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, first Customer Evidence Requested, first Evidence Received, first Evidence Review Completed, second Customer Evidence Requested, second Evidence Received.

Open/suspected obligations: Evidence Review (second cycle), Supplier Analysis (mandatory due to 6 complaints on lot).

Predictions:
We need three next logged events.

Given that Evidence Received was at 13:20 (40 minutes ago). The queue for Evidence Review has 4 items waiting, 2 reviewers active, typical completion 1-5h after entry. So it's likely in queue or being reviewed. Median Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h. So likely to complete in the next 1-4 hours (by 15:00-18:00). So Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed.

After that, since completeness is only 0.72 and it contains supplier certificate/photos, the review might either request more evidence (third cycle?), open Supplier Analysis, or support closure.

Given that Supplier Analysis is mandatory (6 complaints on lot), and the package includes supplier certificate (relevant to supplier analysis), it's plausible that after review, they will either open/start Supplier Analysis (but we only see completion) or request more evidence? Or they might close if it's just a duplicate?

But wait, severity is low, no injury, one device. But lot is linked to six complaints. Rule 5 says Supplier Analysis is mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern same lot. So they must do it. The second package includes supplier certificate, which might be for the supplier analysis. So after review, they might have enough for Supplier Analysis, or they might need to open it.

But also the first cycle might have already triggered Supplier Analysis. Let's think: After first Evidence Review Completed, they requested more evidence (the second cycle). That suggests the first review was not conclusive. Given the lot now has six complaints, they are gathering more evidence, including supplier cert. So after the second review, they might open Supplier Analysis or close if it's not safety-related.

But since Supplier Analysis is mandatory, they can't close until it's done. So the path is likely: Evidence Review Completed -> Supplier Analysis Completed (or opened, but we see completion) -> Disposition Recorded -> Close — No Safety Issue or Corrective Action.

But Supplier Analysis takes 6-36h. So after Evidence Review Completed (say at 15:00), Supplier Analysis might take a day or more. So the next event after Evidence Review might not be Supplier Analysis Completed immediately; it could be that Supplier Analysis was already started earlier (after first review) and is now near completion.

Wait, but there's no Supplier Analysis event visible. Could it have been started earlier and be in progress? Yes. The log only records completions. So Supplier Analysis might have been started after the first review (say yesterday) and might complete today or tomorrow.

But also, the second evidence package was received today at 13:20. So the review might need to happen first before Supplier Analysis can be finalized? Or they can be concurrent.

Thus predictions:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed (the direct next step in the current cycle). Range: [0.55, 0.80].

Rank 2: Supplier Analysis Completed (mandatory, may have been running since lot linkage was recognized; the supplier certificate in the second package suggests it's part of this analysis; typical 6-36h, so could finish in near future if started earlier). Range: [0.10, 0.30].

Rank 3: Customer Evidence Requested (third cycle) OR Close — No Safety Issue? Given completeness is 0.72, it's somewhat low. The review might request more evidence. But they already have supplier cert and photos. Or they might open Supplier Analysis and wait.

But since Supplier Analysis is mandatory and might take time, the review might conclude that more evidence is not needed and open the analysis. But we need the next logged event.

If Supplier Analysis was not started yet, then after Evidence Review Completed, they might start it, but we won't see that until it completes (6-36h later). So there might be a long gap. But in the meantime, could there be another event? No, unless there's a hidden one.

But wait, the case might have a reportability signal? Not mentioned. So likely closure is "Close — No Safety Issue" after Supplier Analysis.

Thus Rank 3: Customer Evidence Requested (if review finds the 0.72 completeness insufficient, especially since lot linkage requires thoroughness). Range: [0.05, 0.18].

But also, there's a possibility of "Disposition Recorded" if Supplier Analysis was already done (hidden) and review is done. But less likely.

Thus:
Rank 1: Evidence Review Completed [0.55, 0.80]
Rank 2: Supplier Analysis Completed [0.08, 0.25]
Rank 3: Customer Evidence Requested [0.05, 0.18]

But we need to check coherence: Midpoints ~0.68, 0.16, 0.11. Sum ~0.95. Okay.

Supporting evidence:
- Second Evidence Received at 13:20; median review completion 2.8h; queue 4 waiting but 2 active.
- Lot linked to six complaints triggers mandatory Supplier Analysis (Rule 5).
- Second package includes supplier certificate and photographs, relevant to supplier investigation.
- No investigation events visible, consistent with them being in progress (only completions logged).

Contradicting evidence:
- Evidence completeness 0.72 is lower than first cycle (maybe was higher before? Not specified), suggesting review may request more.
- Low severity and no injury reduce urgency; queue might not prioritize.
- Only one device mentioned, but lot has six complaints; might be resolved by supplier analysis alone without further evidence.

Unknowns:
- Whether Supplier Analysis was already initiated after the first review.
- The actual content of the supplier certificate and whether it resolves the supplier question.
- Queue position for Evidence Review.
- Whether any hidden reportability signal exists (country rules not mentioned for this case).

Observation model caveat:
- Only task completions are logged; Supplier Analysis may be in progress now with no visible start.
- Case registered previous day, within 48h, so 8-15% of events may be delayed up to 6h, but flag is normal.
- Evidence completeness score is post-receipt and may change after review.
- Missing investigation events do not prove absence.

Now cross_case_discussion:
We need to discuss:
- same_prefix_different_state: Especially why C6-A and C6-B should not receive mechanically identical forecasts.
- main_ambiguity_sources
- dfg_limitations
- calibration_and_uncertainty_note

C6-A and C6-B have similar prefixes: Registered -> Triage -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received. But they differ in severity, injury, related objects, similarity, completeness, resource. So they should diverge: C6-A high severity/injury, multi-device, lot-linked, likely investigations and supplier analysis; C6-B low severity, single device, high duplicate similarity, likely quick closure.

Main ambiguity sources:
- Migration-affected feed (C6-D especially) vs normal feed.
- Only completion events visible, so in-progress tasks are hidden.
- Queue conditions and priorities (risk-based for regulatory, severity for technical).
- Unknown whether missing events are delayed or absent.
- Lot/supplier linkage may or may not trigger Supplier Analysis depending on component identification.

DFG limitations:
- Observational frequencies, not causal or normative.
- Median times are central tendencies, not predictive distributions for specific cases.
- DFG doesn't show loops, concurrent paths, or state-based conditions (e.g., reportability determination).
- Directly-follows counts miss parallel execution and hidden starts.

Calibration and uncertainty note:
- Probabilities are ranges, not point estimates.
- They integrate queue conditions, rule obligations, and feed quality.
- Intervals are honest about ambiguity; they do not sum to 1 because they represent separate hypotheses with overlap.
- No hidden ground truth is being targeted; reasoning is evaluated for coherence.

Now we need to format all this into a single JSON object.

We need to ensure exactly the structure requested.

Let's organize each case with the required fields.

We need to be careful with JSON syntax, escaping quotes, etc.

Let's draft each case in detail.

Case C6-A:
latent_state:
primary: "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — evidence received at 12:10, review in progress or queued; high-severity/injury and lot-linkage imply eventual obligations in S4/S5 but not yet visible in log"
alternative: "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Evidence Review may have completed quickly and opened Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and Supplier Analysis, but completion events are not yet visible (feed normal but within 48h window allows minor delay)"
completed_obligations: ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received"]
open_or_suspected_obligations: ["Evidence Review (in progress/pending)", "Technical Investigation (mandatory for high severity)", "Regulatory Assessment (mandatory for reportability/signals)", "Supplier Analysis (likely mandatory due to same-lot/two devices and three prior complaints)"]

Predictions:
Rank 1:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Evidence Review Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.80}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Evidence was received at 12:10 and by 14:00 about 1h50m have elapsed; median Evidence Received  Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h and queue conditions allow 1–5h after entry, so review should be active or near completion. The task is process-enabled immediately upon receipt. The event observed will be its completion, since only completions are logged."

Rank 2:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Customer Evidence Requested"
probability_range: {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Completeness is 0.86, not perfect, and high-severity/reportable cases often require supplemental documentation. If Evidence Review completes quickly and requests another cycle, the next log entry could be the new request (with the review completion possibly delayed or occurring just before). This is process-enabled by rule 3, though less likely than direct review completion given the queue timeline."

Rank 3:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Technical Investigation Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.15}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "If Evidence Review was completed shortly after 12:10 (hidden or very fast) and immediately opened Technical Investigation, the high-severity queue priority could accelerate it. Median Evidence Review  Technical Investigation Completed is 8.5h, making immediate completion by 14:00 unlikely unless investigation started earlier; however, it remains a low-probability alternative if hidden events exist."

Supporting evidence:
- "Evidence Received at 12:10 with no subsequent Evidence Review Completed visible"
- "Severity High, injury present, and R-T4 (reportable-case handler) assigned"
- "Two devices share manufacturing lot; three similar complaints in 30 days trigger Supplier Analysis obligation (Rule 5)"
- "Queue for Evidence Review: 4 waiting, 2 active, typical 1–5h completion"

Contradicting evidence:
- "Feed is normal (not migration-affected), reducing likelihood of hidden review/investigation events"
- "Evidence completeness 0.86 is relatively high, possibly reducing need for another evidence cycle"
- "No explicit Supplier Analysis or investigation start events visible, suggesting they have not yet been triggered"

Unknowns:
- "Whether Evidence Review has actually started or is still queued"
- "Whether the lot linkage has already triggered a hidden Supplier Analysis"
- "Actual reportability determination and whether it demands immediate regulatory action"
- "Queue position of this specific case in Evidence Review"

Observation_model_caveat: "The log records only task completions, so Evidence Review may be in progress without visibility. Although the feed flag is normal, the case was created within 48h (09:00 today), leaving an 8–15% chance of up to 6h delay for any recent event. Absence of investigation events does not prove they have not started."

Case C6-B:
latent_state:
primary: "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — second evidence cycle not present; evidence received at 12:16, review pending/in-progress for a low-severity, single-device, highly duplicate complaint"
alternative: "S5 DISPOSITION_READY (effective) — if Evidence Review has already concluded the case is a clear duplicate and no mandatory investigations apply; closure events may be delayed"
completed_obligations: ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received"]
open_or_suspected_obligations: ["Evidence Review (pending/completion expected shortly)"]

Predictions:
Rank 1:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Evidence Review Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.60, "high": 0.85}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Evidence received at 12:16; median time to review completion is 2.8h, and queue conditions are 1–5h. By 14:00 about 1h45m have elapsed, so review should be entering or in progress. Only the completion event can appear in the log."

Rank 2:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Close — No Safety Issue"
probability_range: {"low": 0.10, "high": 0.30}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Low severity, no injury, single device, and 0.93 text similarity to a resolved duplicate with 0.98 completeness strongly support a non-investigation closure after review. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed  Close — No Safety Issue (68 cases, median 3.1h). Given the duplicate profile, the disposition may be selected rapidly, possibly with an intermediate Disposition Recorded event that is brief or hidden."

Rank 3:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Disposition Recorded"
probability_range: {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.18}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "If the review completes and selects a non-investigation closure, the normative path includes recording a disposition (S5) before the terminal close event. This is enabled because no mandatory investigations apply. The event could appear before the final close if the close event is batched or delayed."

Supporting evidence:
- "Severity Low, no injury, one device — satisfies Fast-Close conditions except it was not taken at triage, but closure is still permitted"
- "Evidence completeness 0.98 and text similarity 0.93 to prior duplicate"
- "No similar complaints in prior 30 days, reducing lot/supplier concerns"
- "R-T4 assigned but case lacks reportability signals"

Contradicting evidence:
- "The case was not fast-closed at triage (09:11), suggesting the duplicate was not immediately recognized, so review is genuinely needed"
- "Queue conditions may delay review beyond the median"
- "Migration delay risk (within 48h) means a hidden review or closure event could exist despite normal flag"

Unknowns:
- "Whether the duplicate match is confirmed upon review"
- "Actual queue position for Evidence Review"
- "Whether any hidden reportability or lot linkage exists that was not captured in the attributes"
- "Timing of the intermediate Disposition Recorded event"

Observation_model_caveat: "Only completions are visible. Evidence Review may be in progress or already finished with its event delayed (8–15% risk for cases within 48h). The absence of an investigation start or completion is consistent with low-severity rules but does not prove immediate closure."

Case C6-C:
latent_state:
primary: "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45; Regulatory Assessment is required due to reportability risk (repeated malfunction across lots, country rule) and is open/in-progress; Supplier Analysis may also be required given cross-lot failure pattern"
alternative: "S5 DISPOSITION_READY — Regulatory Assessment (and possibly Supplier Analysis) may have been completed but are not visible due to feed delay or omission, allowing disposition selection"
completed_obligations: ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received", "Evidence Review Completed", "Technical Investigation Completed"]
open_or_suspected_obligations: ["Regulatory Assessment (mandatory, likely in progress)", "Supplier Analysis (possible due to four complaints with same failure mode across lots)", "Disposition selection (blocked until above complete)"]

Predictions:
Rank 1:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Regulatory Assessment Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.80}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Rule 4 requires Regulatory Assessment for reportable-risk cases; the country rule makes repeated malfunction reportable. R-R2 is not mentioned here, but the queue is risk-prioritized (not FIFO) with 2–14h completion after assignment. Given Technical Investigation finished at 11:45, Regulatory Assessment was likely assigned around the same time or earlier; by 14:00 about 2h have elapsed, leaving a high chance of completion in the near term, though queue load (12 waiting) creates variability."

Rank 2:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Supplier Analysis Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.08, "low": wait need correct range} Let's do {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Four complaints share the same failure mode across different lots, suggesting a common component or supplier issue (Rule 5). Even though lots differ, the pattern can trigger Supplier Analysis. Typical completion is 6–36h; if initiated after the first evidence review or investigation start, it could be nearing completion, but it is generally slower than Regulatory Assessment. Thus it is a plausible second event, especially if running concurrently."

Rank 3:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Disposition Recorded"
probability_range: {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.15}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "This is only enabled if both Regulatory Assessment and Supplier Analysis are actually complete but unlogged (alternative state S5). Given the feed is normal but within the 48h delay window, a small chance exists that one or both investigation completions are delayed, allowing disposition to be the next visible step. Otherwise, disposition must wait."

Supporting evidence:
- "Technical Investigation Completed today at 11:45 with no Regulatory Assessment visible"
- "Medium severity with country-specific reportability for repeated malfunction"
- "Four complaints with same failure mode across lots point to supplier/component root cause"
- "Queue for Regulatory Assessment is risk-prioritized, matching this case's profile"

Contradicting evidence:
- "Root cause is 'plausible but not confirmed', which may prolong both regulatory and supplier investigations"
- "No explicit mention of a common supplier or component being implicated, so Supplier Analysis may not be mandatory"
- "Feed is normal, reducing the likelihood of hidden completed investigations"

Unknowns:
- "Whether Regulatory Assessment was assigned immediately after Technical Investigation or is still waiting in the 12-item queue"
- "The actual reportability conclusion (reportable vs. non-reportable)"
- "Whether a Supplier Analysis was formally opened and, if so, when"
- "Potential hidden delay of up to 6h for events within the 48h window"

Observation_model_caveat: "The log captures only task completions. Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment can run concurrently, but only their endpoints are visible. The absence of Regulatory Assessment Completed by 14:00 does not mean it hasn't started; R-R2 or another specialist may be actively working. Similarly, Supplier Analysis may be in progress with no visible start event."

Case C6-D:
latent_state:
primary: "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05; Regulatory Assessment is open and in progress (R-R2 opened case at 12:40 per worklist); missing middle evidence events (Customer Evidence Requested/Received/Review) likely occurred but are delayed/omitted in the migration-affected feed"
alternative: "S3/S2 with hidden evidence cycle — the missing Customer Evidence and Review events may represent genuinely skipped steps or severely delayed backfill, leaving the case technically in an earlier state with hidden obligations"
completed_obligations: ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Technical Investigation Completed"]
open_or_suspected_obligations: ["Regulatory Assessment (confirmed open)", "Evidence Review / Evidence cycle (suspected hidden due to source attachment and missing log events)", "Disposition selection (blocked)"]

Predictions:
Rank 1:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Evidence Review Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.30, "high": 0.55}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "A customer attachment exists in the source system, yet no Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, or Evidence Review events appear. Given Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05, Evidence Review almost certainly preceded it normatively. With the migration-affected flag, these middle events are likely delayed by up to 6h or permanently missing. The backfill or belated logging of Evidence Review Completed is therefore highly plausible as the next visible entry, even though the task is in the past."

Rank 2:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Regulatory Assessment Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.20, "high": 0.45}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "R-R2 opened the case at 12:40, confirming Regulatory Assessment is enabled and likely in progress. For high-severity, injury-present complaints, regulatory risk is high, giving queue priority. Median completion is 2–14h after assignment; by 14:00 about 1h20m have passed, so completion is possible later today but not immediate. The event is process-enabled by Rule 4."

Rank 3:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Customer Evidence Received"
probability_range: {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "The source system holds a customer attachment, strongly implying that Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received actually occurred. In a migration-affected feed, these earlier completion events may be inserted retroactively. Because they occur earlier in the sequence than Evidence Review, they could appear in any order during backfill, but Evidence Received is a necessary predecessor to the review that enabled the investigation."

Supporting evidence:
- "Migration-affected flag explicitly applies (cases within 48h, 8–15% delay up to 6h)"
- "Customer attachment present in source but absent from analytical log"
- "R-R2 worklist snapshot at 12:40 confirms Regulatory Assessment is open"
- "High severity and injury present mandate both investigations (Rule 4)"
- "Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05 requires prior Evidence Review normatively"

Contradicting evidence:
- "No Customer Evidence Requested event at all, which could mean the evidence path was genuinely skipped (process deviation) rather than missing"
- "Regulatory Assessment queue has 12 items, and even risk-based priority may not guarantee rapid completion"
- "Feed flag is migration-affected, but that does not guarantee any specific backfilled event will actually appear"

Unknowns:
- "The exact occurrence times of the missing evidence events and whether they will be backfilled"
- "Whether Supplier Analysis or other obligations apply (only one device mentioned, no lot linkage specified)"
- "The reportability conclusion of R-R2 and whether it triggers Authority Notification"
- "How many high-priority regulatory cases are ahead of this one in the queue"

Observation_model_caveat: "Only task-completion events are in the log; starts and in-progress work are invisible except via external snapshots like the R-R2 worklist entry. The migration-affected status means missing events (Evidence Requested, Received, Review, and possibly Regulatory Assessment start/completion) could appear with original timestamps or remain permanently absent. A missing event is not proof of absence, but backfill is probabilistic, not certain."

Case C6-E:
latent_state:
primary: "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — second evidence package received at 13:20 (supplier certificate and photos) with completeness 0.72; review is pending or in progress"
alternative: "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Supplier Analysis may already have been triggered by the lot linking six complaints and could be running concurrently; the second evidence package may feed directly into that analysis"
completed_obligations: ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "First Customer Evidence Requested", "First Evidence Received", "First Evidence Review Completed", "Second Customer Evidence Requested", "Second Evidence Received"]
open_or_suspected_obligations: ["Evidence Review (second cycle, pending)", "Supplier Analysis (mandatory due to lot with six complaints; may be open or in progress)"]

Predictions:
Rank 1:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Evidence Review Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.82}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "The second Evidence Received occurred at 13:20, about 40 minutes before the 14:00 snapshot. Median Evidence Received  Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h, and queue conditions are 1–5h after entry with 2 reviewers active. Thus the review is likely queued or in progress and should complete in the next 1–4 hours. This is the direct normative successor in the evidence cycle (Rule 3)."

Rank 2:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Supplier Analysis Completed"
probability_range: {"low": 0.10, "high": 0.28}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "The device belongs to a lot now linked to six complaints, satisfying Rule 5 for mandatory Supplier Analysis. The second package explicitly contains a supplier certificate and photographs, which are typical inputs for supplier investigation. Typical Supplier Analysis takes 6–36h; if it was initiated after the first review or upon lot-linkage discovery, it could be nearing completion. Even if not yet started, it is the dominant investigation obligation for this low-severity case."

Rank 3:
next_logged_activity_or_termination: "Customer Evidence Requested"
probability_range: {"low": 0.06, "high": 0.18}
process_enabled: true
reasoning: "Evidence completeness after the second receipt is 0.72, noticeably lower than the first cycle. If the review finds gaps—despite the supplier certificate—or needs additional lot-comparison data, Rule 3 permits another evidence cycle. Given the lot linkage and incomplete root cause, a supplemental request is plausible, though less likely than proceeding to supplier investigation closure."

Supporting evidence:
- "Second Evidence Received at 13:20 with completeness 0.72"
- "Lot linked to six complaints triggers mandatory Supplier Analysis"
- "Package includes supplier certificate and photographs, aligning with supplier investigation needs"
- "No investigation completion visible, consistent with Supplier Analysis being in progress (log only records ends)"
- "Low severity and no injury mean Technical/Regulatory investigations are not required, leaving Supplier Analysis as the main blocker"

Contradicting evidence:
- "Evidence completeness dropped after the second package, which might indicate insufficient documentation rather than progress toward closure"
- "Only one device is mentioned, and the four other complaints are across different lots, so the 'same lot' link is present (six complaints) but the supplier/component connection is not explicitly confirmed"
- "Queue conditions for Evidence Review may delay the second review"

Unknowns:
- "Whether Supplier Analysis was formally opened after the first review or upon lot-linkage update"
- "The actual evaluation of the supplier certificate—whether it resolves the supplier question or requires further verification"
- "Whether a hidden reportability signal exists (not mentioned in attributes)"
- "The queue position for the second Evidence Review"

Observation_model_caveat: "The log records only completions. Supplier Analysis may have started days ago (e.g., after the first Evidence Review Completed) with no visible start event. The second Evidence Review is in progress but invisible until completion. The 0.72 completeness score is calculated after receipt but may be revised by the reviewer. Feed flag is normal, reducing but not eliminating the 8–15% delay risk for recent events."

Now cross_case_discussion:
same_prefix_different_state: "C6-A and C6-B share an identical visible prefix up to Evidence Received, yet they must diverge sharply. C6-A is high-severity with injury, linked to two devices in a shared lot with three prior complaints, and assigned to R-T4 (reportable-case handler). This activates Rules 4 and 5, requiring Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and likely Supplier Analysis, placing it in S3/S4 with long, concurrent investigation paths. C6-B is low-severity, single-device, no injury, with 0.93 duplicate similarity and 0.98 completeness; it has no mandatory investigation obligations and should move quickly from S3 to closure (Close — No Safety Issue). Giving them identical forecasts would ignore the control-flow rules and contextual signals that determine state transitions."

main_ambiguity_sources:
- "Migration-affected feed in C6-D versus normal feeds elsewhere, making missing events ambiguous"
- "Invisible task starts and in-progress work (e.g., R-R2 opening a case, Supplier Analysis running)"
- "Uncertainty about whether missing evidence events in C6-D are delayed or genuinely absent"
- "Queue dynamics (risk-based regulatory priority, severity-based technical priority, FIFO for supplier) that alter completion times without changing the state sequence"
- "The distinction between lot-level linkage (six complaints) and confirmed supplier/component implication"

dfg_limitations: "The DFG provides direct-follow frequencies and median elapsed times for completed transitions, but it is observational, not normative. It does not encode state conditions (e.g., severity, reportability, lot linkage), concurrent paths (Technical and Regulatory can run in parallel), or loop structures (evidence cycles). Median times are central tendencies that ignore queue variability, engineer availability, and priority rules described in the operating conditions. Therefore, using DFG successors mechanically—without integrating rules and context—produces incorrect state and forecast reasoning."

calibration_and_uncertainty_note: "Probability ranges are expressed as intervals rather than point values to reflect genuine ambiguity. They integrate queue conditions, rule obligations, feed quality, and hidden-task possibilities. The ranges are not required to sum to 1 because they represent competing hypotheses with overlap (e.g., a delayed backfill and a new forward event). Midpoints are broadly ordered (Rank 1 > Rank 2 > Rank 3) but not precisely calibrated to hidden ground truth; the evaluation focuses on coherent, process-aware reasoning rather than matching an exact hidden distribution."

Now ensure JSON is valid. We'll need to escape quotes properly.

Let's assemble the JSON.
</think>
{
  "cases": [
    {
      "case_id": "C6-A",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — evidence received at 12:10, review in progress or queued; high-severity/injury and same-lot linkage imply future obligations in S4/S5 but investigation completions are not yet visible",
        "alternative": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Evidence Review may have completed very quickly and opened Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and Supplier Analysis, with their completion events not yet logged (feed normal but within 48h allows minor delay)",
        "completed_obligations": ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received"],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": ["Evidence Review (in progress/pending)", "Technical Investigation (mandatory for high severity)", "Regulatory Assessment (mandatory due to injury/reportability signal)", "Supplier Analysis (likely mandatory: same lot, two devices, three prior complaints)"]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.80},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence was received at 12:10 and by 14:00 about 1h50m have elapsed; median Evidence Received  Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h and queue conditions allow 1–5h after entry, so review should be active or near completion. The task is enabled immediately upon receipt; only its completion can appear in the log."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Completeness is 0.86 (not perfect) and high-severity reportable cases often need supplemental documentation. If Evidence Review completes quickly and requests another cycle, the next log entry could be the new request (with the review completion possibly occurring just before or being briefly delayed). Enabled by Rule 3, but less likely than direct review completion given the queue timeline."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Technical Investigation Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.15},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "If Evidence Review was completed shortly after 12:10 (hidden or very fast) and immediately opened Technical Investigation, the high-severity queue priority could accelerate it. Median Evidence Review  Technical Investigation Completed is 8.5h, making immediate completion by 14:00 unlikely unless investigation started earlier; it remains a low-probability alternative if hidden events exist."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Evidence Received at 12:10 with no subsequent Evidence Review Completed visible",
        "Severity High, injury present, assigned to R-T4 (reportable-case handler)",
        "Two devices share manufacturing lot; three similar complaints in prior 30 days trigger Supplier Analysis obligation (Rule 5)",
        "Queue for Evidence Review: 4 waiting, 2 active, typical 1–5h completion"
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "Feed is normal (not migration-affected), reducing likelihood of hidden review/investigation events",
        "Evidence completeness 0.86 is relatively high, possibly reducing need for another evidence cycle",
        "No explicit Supplier Analysis or investigation start events visible, suggesting they have not yet been triggered"
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Evidence Review has actually started or is still queued",
        "Whether the lot linkage has already triggered a hidden Supplier Analysis",
        "Actual reportability determination and whether it demands immediate regulatory action",
        "Queue position of this specific case in Evidence Review"
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "The log records only task completions, so Evidence Review may be in progress without visibility. Although the feed flag is normal, the case was created within 48h (09:00 today), leaving an 8–15% chance of up to 6h delay for any recent event. Absence of investigation events does not prove they have not started."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-B",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — evidence received at 12:16, review pending or in progress for a low-severity, single-device, highly duplicate complaint with no mandatory investigation obligations",
        "alternative": "S5 DISPOSITION_READY (effective) — if Evidence Review has already concluded the case is a clear duplicate and no mandatory investigations apply; closure events may be delayed or hidden",
        "completed_obligations": ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received"],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": ["Evidence Review (pending/completion expected shortly)"]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.60, "high": 0.85},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence received at 12:16; median time to review completion is 2.8h, and queue conditions are 1–5h. By 14:00 about 1h45m have elapsed, so review should be entering or in progress. Only the completion event can appear in the log."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Close — No Safety Issue",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.10, "high": 0.30},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Low severity, no injury, single device, 0.93 text similarity to a resolved duplicate, and 0.98 completeness strongly support a non-investigation closure after review. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed  Close — No Safety Issue (68 cases, median 3.1h). Given the duplicate profile, disposition may be selected rapidly, possibly with a brief intermediate Disposition Recorded event."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Disposition Recorded",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.18},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "If the review completes and selects a non-investigation closure, the normative path includes recording a disposition (S5) before the terminal close event. This is enabled because no mandatory investigations apply. The event could appear before the final close if the close event is batched or delayed."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Severity Low, no injury, one device — satisfies conditions for non-investigation closure",
        "Evidence completeness 0.98 and text similarity 0.93 to prior duplicate",
        "No similar complaints in prior 30 days, reducing lot/supplier concerns",
        "R-T4 assigned but case lacks reportability signals"
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "The case was not fast-closed at triage (09:11), suggesting the duplicate was not immediately recognized, so review is genuinely needed",
        "Queue conditions may delay review beyond the median",
        "Migration delay risk (within 48h) means a hidden review or closure event could exist despite normal flag"
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether the duplicate match is confirmed upon review",
        "Actual queue position for Evidence Review",
        "Whether any hidden reportability or lot linkage exists that was not captured in the attributes",
        "Timing of the intermediate Disposition Recorded event"
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "Only completions are visible. Evidence Review may be in progress or already finished with its event delayed (8–15% risk for cases within 48h). The absence of an investigation start or completion is consistent with low-severity rules but does not prove immediate closure."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-C",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45; Regulatory Assessment is required due to reportability risk (repeated malfunction across lots, country rule) and is open/in-progress; Supplier Analysis may also be required given the cross-lot failure pattern",
        "alternative": "S5 DISPOSITION_READY — Regulatory Assessment (and possibly Supplier Analysis) may have been completed but are not visible due to feed delay or omission, allowing disposition selection",
        "completed_obligations": ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Customer Evidence Requested", "Evidence Received", "Evidence Review Completed", "Technical Investigation Completed"],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": ["Regulatory Assessment (mandatory, likely in progress)", "Supplier Analysis (possible due to four complaints with same failure mode across lots)", "Disposition selection (blocked until above complete)"]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Regulatory Assessment Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.80},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Rule 4 requires Regulatory Assessment for reportable-risk cases; the country rule makes repeated malfunction reportable. The queue is risk-prioritized (not FIFO) with 2–14h completion after assignment. Given Technical Investigation finished at 11:45, Regulatory Assessment was likely assigned around then or earlier; by 14:00 about 2h have elapsed, leaving a high chance of completion in the near term, though queue load (12 waiting) creates variability."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Supplier Analysis Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Four complaints share the same failure mode across different lots, suggesting a common component or supplier issue (Rule 5). Even though lots differ, the pattern can trigger Supplier Analysis. Typical completion is 6–36h; if initiated after the first evidence review or investigation start, it could be nearing completion, but it is generally slower than Regulatory Assessment. Thus it is a plausible second event, especially if running concurrently."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Disposition Recorded",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.15},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "This is only enabled if both Regulatory Assessment and Supplier Analysis are actually complete but unlogged (alternative state S5). Given the feed is normal but within the 48h delay window, a small chance exists that one or both investigation completions are delayed, allowing disposition to be the next visible step. Otherwise, disposition must wait."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Technical Investigation Completed today at 11:45 with no Regulatory Assessment visible",
        "Medium severity with country-specific reportability for repeated malfunction",
        "Four complaints with same failure mode across lots point to supplier/component root cause",
        "Queue for Regulatory Assessment is risk-prioritized, matching this case's profile"
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "Root cause is 'plausible but not confirmed', which may prolong both regulatory and supplier investigations",
        "No explicit mention of a common supplier or component being implicated, so Supplier Analysis may not be mandatory",
        "Feed is normal, reducing the likelihood of hidden completed investigations"
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Regulatory Assessment was assigned immediately after Technical Investigation or is still waiting in the 12-item queue",
        "The actual reportability conclusion (reportable vs. non-reportable)",
        "Whether a Supplier Analysis was formally opened and, if so, when",
        "Potential hidden delay of up to 6h for events within the 48h window"
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "The log captures only task completions. Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment can run concurrently, but only their endpoints are visible. The absence of Regulatory Assessment Completed by 14:00 does not mean it hasn't started; a specialist may be actively working. Similarly, Supplier Analysis may be in progress with no visible start event."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-D",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05; Regulatory Assessment is open and in progress (R-R2 opened case at 12:40 per worklist); missing middle evidence events (Customer Evidence Requested/Received/Review) likely occurred but are delayed/omitted in the migration-affected feed",
        "alternative": "S3/S2 with hidden evidence cycle — the missing Customer Evidence and Review events may represent genuinely skipped steps or severely delayed backfill, leaving the case technically in an earlier state with hidden obligations",
        "completed_obligations": ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "Technical Investigation Completed"],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": ["Regulatory Assessment (confirmed open)", "Evidence Review / Evidence cycle (suspected hidden due to source attachment and missing log events)", "Disposition selection (blocked)"]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.30, "high": 0.55},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "A customer attachment exists in the source system, yet no Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, or Evidence Review events appear. Given Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05, Evidence Review almost certainly preceded it normatively. With the migration-affected flag, these middle events are likely delayed by up to 6h or permanently missing. The backfill or belated logging of Evidence Review Completed is therefore highly plausible as the next visible entry, even though the task is in the past."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Regulatory Assessment Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.20, "high": 0.45},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "R-R2 opened the case at 12:40, confirming Regulatory Assessment is enabled and likely in progress. For high-severity, injury-present complaints, regulatory risk is high, giving queue priority. Median completion is 2–14h after assignment; by 14:00 about 1h20m have passed, so completion is possible later today but not immediate. The event is process-enabled by Rule 4."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Received",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.22},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "The source system holds a customer attachment, strongly implying that Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received actually occurred. In a migration-affected feed, these earlier completion events may be inserted retroactively. Because they occur earlier in the sequence than Evidence Review, they could appear in any order during backfill, but Evidence Received is a necessary predecessor to the review that enabled the investigation."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Migration-affected flag explicitly applies (cases within 48h, 8–15% delay up to 6h)",
        "Customer attachment present in source but absent from analytical log",
        "R-R2 worklist snapshot at 12:40 confirms Regulatory Assessment is open",
        "High severity and injury present mandate both investigations (Rule 4)",
        "Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05 requires prior Evidence Review normatively"
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "No Customer Evidence Requested event at all, which could mean the evidence path was genuinely skipped (process deviation) rather than missing",
        "Regulatory Assessment queue has 12 items, and even risk-based priority may not guarantee rapid completion",
        "Feed flag is migration-affected, but that does not guarantee any specific backfilled event will actually appear"
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "The exact occurrence times of the missing evidence events and whether they will be backfilled",
        "Whether Supplier Analysis or other obligations apply (only one device mentioned, no lot linkage specified)",
        "The reportability conclusion of R-R2 and whether it triggers Authority Notification",
        "How many high-priority regulatory cases are ahead of this one in the queue"
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "Only task-completion events are in the log; starts and in-progress work are invisible except via external snapshots like the R-R2 worklist entry. The migration-affected status means missing events (Evidence Requested, Received, Review, and possibly Regulatory Assessment start/completion) could appear with original timestamps or remain permanently absent. A missing event is not proof of absence, but backfill is probabilistic, not certain."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-E",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — second evidence package received at 13:20 (supplier certificate and photos) with completeness 0.72; review is pending or in progress",
        "alternative": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Supplier Analysis may already have been triggered by the lot linking six complaints and could be running concurrently; the second evidence package may feed directly into that analysis",
        "completed_obligations": ["Complaint Registered", "Initial Triage", "First Customer Evidence Requested", "First Evidence Received", "First Evidence Review Completed", "Second Customer Evidence Requested", "Second Evidence Received"],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": ["Evidence Review (second cycle, pending)", "Supplier Analysis (mandatory due to lot with six complaints; may be open or in progress)"]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.58, "high": 0.82},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "The second Evidence Received occurred at 13:20, about 40 minutes before the 14:00 snapshot. Median Evidence Received  Evidence Review Completed is 2.8h, and queue conditions are 1–5h after entry with 2 reviewers active. Thus the review is likely queued or in progress and should complete in the next 1–4 hours. This is the direct normative successor in the evidence cycle (Rule 3)."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Supplier Analysis Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.10, "high": 0.28},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "The device belongs to a lot now linked to six complaints, satisfying Rule 5 for mandatory Supplier Analysis. The second package explicitly contains a supplier certificate and photographs, which are typical inputs for supplier investigation. Typical Supplier Analysis takes 6–36h; if it was initiated after the first review or upon lot-linkage discovery, it could be nearing completion. Even if not yet started, it is the dominant investigation obligation for this low-severity case."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.06, "high": 0.18},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence completeness after the second receipt is 0.72, noticeably lower than the first cycle. If the review finds gaps—despite the supplier certificate—or needs additional lot-comparison data, Rule 3 permits another evidence cycle. Given the lot linkage and incomplete root cause, a supplemental request is plausible, though less likely than proceeding to supplier investigation closure."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Second Evidence Received at 13:20 with completeness 0.72",
        "Lot linked to six complaints triggers mandatory Supplier Analysis",
        "Package includes supplier certificate and photographs, aligning with supplier investigation needs",
        "No investigation completion visible, consistent with Supplier Analysis being in progress (log only records ends)",
        "Low severity and no injury mean Technical/Regulatory investigations are not required, leaving Supplier Analysis as the main blocker"
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "Evidence completeness dropped after the second package, which might indicate insufficient documentation rather than progress toward closure",
        "Only one device is mentioned, and the four other complaints are across different lots, so the supplier/component connection is not explicitly confirmed",
        "Queue conditions for Evidence Review may delay the second review"
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Supplier Analysis was formally opened after the first review or upon lot-linkage update",
        "The actual evaluation of the supplier certificate—whether it resolves the supplier question or requires further verification",
        "Whether a hidden reportability signal exists (not mentioned in attributes)",
        "The queue position for the second Evidence Review"
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "The log records only completions. Supplier Analysis may have started days ago (e.g., after the first Evidence Review Completed) with no visible start event. The second Evidence Review is in progress but invisible until completion. The 0.72 completeness score is calculated after receipt but may be revised by the reviewer. Feed flag is normal, reducing but not eliminating the 8–15% delay risk for recent events."
    }
  ],
  "cross_case_discussion": {
    "same_prefix_different_state": "C6-A and C6-B share an identical visible prefix up to Evidence Received, yet they must diverge sharply. C6-A is high-severity with injury, linked to two devices in a shared lot with three prior complaints, and assigned to R-T4 (reportable-case handler). This activates Rules 4 and 5, requiring Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and likely Supplier Analysis, placing it in S3/S4 with long, concurrent investigation paths. C6-B is low-severity, single-device, no injury, with 0.93 duplicate similarity and 0.98 completeness; it has no mandatory investigation obligations and should move quickly from S3 to closure (Close — No Safety Issue). Giving them identical forecasts would ignore the control-flow rules and contextual signals that determine state transitions.",
    "main_ambiguity_sources": [
      "Migration-affected feed in C6-D versus normal feeds elsewhere, making missing events ambiguous",
      "Invisible task starts and in-progress work (e.g., R-R2 opening a case, Supplier Analysis running)",
      "Uncertainty about whether missing evidence events in C6-D are delayed or genuinely absent",
      "Queue dynamics (risk-based regulatory priority, severity-based technical priority, FIFO for supplier) that alter completion times without changing the state sequence",
      "The distinction between lot-level linkage (six complaints) and confirmed supplier/component implication"
    ],
    "dfg_limitations": "The DFG provides direct-follow frequencies and median elapsed times for completed transitions, but it is observational, not normative. It does not encode state conditions (e.g., severity, reportability, lot linkage), concurrent paths (Technical and Regulatory can run in parallel), or loop structures (evidence cycles). Median times are central tendencies that ignore queue variability, engineer availability, and priority rules described in the operating conditions. Therefore, using DFG successors mechanically—without integrating rules and context—produces incorrect state and forecast reasoning.",
    "calibration_and_uncertainty_note": "Probability ranges are expressed as intervals rather than point values to reflect genuine ambiguity. They integrate queue conditions, rule obligations, feed quality, and hidden-task possibilities. The ranges are not required to sum to 1 because they represent competing hypotheses with overlap (e.g., a delayed backfill and a new forward event). Midpoints are broadly ordered (Rank 1 > Rank 2 > Rank 3) but not precisely calibrated to hidden ground truth; the evaluation focuses on coherent, process-aware reasoning rather than matching an exact hidden distribution."
  }
}