<think>
The user wants a comprehensive hybrid model analysis for a vendor onboarding scenario with specific requirements R1-R12 and eight test cases T1-T8. I need to produce a Markdown document with exactly 10 headings. Let's break down the task.

First, understand the scenario and requirements.

Activities:
- Receive Onboarding Request
- Capture Master Data
- Run Sanctions Screening
- Verify Bank Account
- Classify Risk
- Request Clarification
- Receive Clarification
- Sanctions Escalation
- Obtain Legal Opinion
- Enhanced Due Diligence
- Manager Approval
- Compliance Approval
- Reject Vendor
- Activate Vendor
- Change Bank Details
- Suspend Vendor
- Release First Payment
- Close Onboarding

Procedural backbone:
1. Receive starts.
2. Capture, Sanctions Screening, Verify Bank Account concurrent after receipt.
3. Classify Risk requires all three.
4. After classification:
   - reject; OR
   - low-risk: Manager Approval; OR
   - high-risk: Enhanced Due Diligence then Compliance Approval.
5. Activation follows applicable approval. Release First Payment follows activation. Close follows rejection or first payment.

Cross-cutting:
R1: Reject and Activate never same case.
R2: Exactly one of Manager Approval and Compliance Approval in accepted case. Neither in rejected.
R3: Every Request Clarification must eventually receive Receive Clarification before next clarification request and before final outcome. Several cycles possible.
R4: If Sanctions Escalation occurs, Obtain Legal Opinion must eventually occur.
R5: Legal dept: after Sanctions Escalation, Obtain Legal Opinion must precede Activate Vendor under all circumstances.
R6: Operations dept: emergency activation may occur before Obtain Legal Opinion, but only when jointly authorized outside log; opinion must arrive within 24h. Log has no "emergency" attribute or joint authorization.
R7: Sanctions Escalation only after Run Sanctions Screening.
R8: Enhanced Due Diligence and Manager Approval should not co-occur. Compliance Approval and Manager Approval should not co-occur.
R9: Resource performing Verify Bank Account must differ from resource performing applicable approval. Resource performing Capture Master Data must differ from resource performing Activate Vendor.
R10: Activate Vendor and Reject Vendor each at most once. Release First Payment at most once.
R11: If Change Bank Details occurs after activation, Suspend Vendor must eventually follow; another Verify Bank Account must occur before any later Release First Payment.
R12: Temporal expectations normative but not automatic reject:
- Request -> Receive: mean 48h, sd 24h
- Sanctions Escalation -> Obtain Legal Opinion: mean 12h, sd 6h
- Activate -> Release First Payment: mean 72h, sd 36h
zeta = 2.0

Test cases:
T1: low-risk accepted. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,8,9,80,81. Resources: Ana, Ben, Cora, Dario, Elena, Faris, Gina, Gina.
Issues: Temporal: Activate (9) -> Release (80) = 71h? Actually 80-9 = 71h. Mean 72, sd 36, zeta 2 => range [0, 144]? Wait mean 72, sd 36, zeta 2 => acceptable range mean ± zeta*sd = 72 ± 72 => [0, 144]. So 71 is within [0,144]. Actually lower bound is 0? No, time can't be negative, but 71 is close to mean 72. So pass. Resource: Verify Bank Account by Cora, Manager Approval by Elena: different. Capture by Ana, Activate by Faris: different. Good.

T2: high-risk with clarification. Times: 0,1,2,3,4,30,32,40,55,56,140,141. Resources: Ana, Ben, Cora, Ana, Dario, Vendor, Dario, Hana, Ivo, Faris, Gina, Gina.
Check clarification loop: Request at 4, Receive at 30, then Classify at 32. Only one cycle. Good.
Resource: Verify Bank by Cora, Compliance Approval by Ivo: different. Capture by Ana, Activate by Faris: different.
Temporal: Request (4) -> Receive (30) = 26h. Mean 48, sd 24, range [0, 96]. Pass.
Sanctions Escalation? Not present. Enhanced Due Diligence by Hana, Compliance Approval by Ivo. No conflict.
Release (140) - Activate (56) = 84h. Mean 72, sd 36, range [0,144]. Pass.
Good.

T3: rejected. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,6,7. Resources: Ana, Ana, Cora, Ben, Dario, Elena, Elena.
No approval. Reject at 6. Close at 7. Good.
But R9: Verify Bank by Cora, applicable approval? None (rejected). So maybe not evaluated? But requirement says "applicable approval". In rejected case, there is no approval, so the constraint is vacuously satisfied? Or does it apply? We'll discuss. Capture Master Data by Ana, Activate? Not present. So okay.

T4: four-eyes violation. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,8,9,70,71. Resources: Ana, Ben, Cora, Cora? Wait: Receive@0[Ana], Capture@1[Ana], Run@2[Ben], Verify@3[Cora], Classify@5[Dario], Manager@8[Cora], Activate@9[Faris], Release@70[Gina], Close@71[Gina].
R9 violation: Verify Bank Account performed by Cora. Applicable approval is Manager Approval performed by Cora. Same resource! Also Capture by Ana, Activate by Faris: okay.
So resource layer should fail.

T5: unanswered clarification followed by activation. Times: 0,1,2,3,4,5,8,9,80,81. Resources: Ana, Ana, Ben, Cora, Dario, Dario, Elena, Faris, Gina, Gina.
Request Clarification at 4, no Receive Clarification. Then Classify at 5, Manager Approval 8, etc.
R3 violation: Request clarification must eventually receive clarification before final outcome. Here no Receive Clarification. So fail in DECLARE or log skeleton or procedural? We'll map R3 to DECLARE response and log skeleton.

T6: emergency-policy conflict. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,6,8,12,13,23,90,91. Resources: Ana, Ana, Ben, Cora, Dario, Hana, Hana, Ivo, Faris, Jana, Gina, Gina.
Sequence: ... Classify@5, Sanctions Escalation@6, Enhanced Due Diligence@8, Compliance Approval@12, Activate Vendor@13, Obtain Legal Opinion@23, Release@90, Close@91.
R7: Escalation after Screening (2) yes.
R4: Escalation occurs, Legal Opinion eventually occurs (23) yes.
R5: After Escalation, Legal Opinion must precede Activate. Here Activate at 13, Opinion at 23. So violates R5.
R6: Operations says emergency activation may occur before opinion, but only when jointly authorized outside log; opinion within 24h. Here there is no "emergency" attribute. So depending on resolution.
If we resolve conflict by enforcing R5 strictly (no emergency exception in log): fail resource/policy layer.
If we resolve by allowing emergency if we could detect it: but there is no attribute, so we can't confirm authorization. So it should still fail or be policy-dependent. We'll discuss.

T7: opinion precedes activation but temporally late. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,6,8,40,42,43,45,46. Resources: Ana, Ana, Ben, Cora, Dario, Hana, Hana, Jana, Ivo, Faris, Gina, Gina.
Sequence: Escalation@6, Enhanced@8, Obtain Opinion@40, Compliance@42, Activate@43, Release@45, Close@46.
R5: Opinion (40) precedes Activate (43) yes.
R4: Escalation -> eventually opinion yes.
R12: Escalation (6) -> Opinion (40) = 34h. Mean 12, sd 6, zeta 2 => range [0, 24]. 34 > 24 => warning/fail? Requirement says "normative enough to flag but not automatically reject". So temporal layer should flag warning. Not automatic fail in control-flow. So temporal: warning.

T8: contradictory terminal outcomes. Times: 0,1,2,3,5,8,9,10,11. Resources: Ana, Ana, Ben, Cora, Dario, Elena, Faris, Ivo, Ivo.
Sequence: ... Manager Approval@8, Activate@9, Reject@10, Close@11.
R1: Reject and Activate both occur -> fail.
R2: Both Manager and Compliance? Only Manager present. But reject case should have neither. Here Manager Approval occurs, then Reject, then Activate? Actually Activate is before Reject. So R2: in rejected case, neither should occur. Here Manager occurred. Also exactly one approval in accepted case; but case ends with reject and close. This is contradictory. So multiple failures.

Now, the task requires me to design hybrid model and explain mapping for each formalism.

Let's design the layers.

Procedural backbone (ProcessTree/POWL/Petri net):
We need concurrency of Capture, Run Sanctions, Verify Bank after Receive.
Then Classify Risk requires all three.
Then choice: reject, or low-risk (Manager Approval), or high-risk (Enhanced Due Diligence then Compliance Approval).
Then activation after approval.
Then release first payment after activation.
Then close after rejection or first payment.

Also need clarification loop: Request Clarification / Receive Clarification can occur? The backbone mentions "After classification, the case follows one primary outcome..." but R3 mentions clarification cycles possible. Where do clarifications happen? Likely before classification? The test cases show Request Clarification before Classify Risk (T2: Request at 4, Receive at 30, Classify at 32; T5: Request at 4, then Classify at 5). So clarification can occur before classification, possibly multiple times. Actually R3 says "Every Request Clarification must eventually receive a Receive Clarification before the next clarification request and before any final outcome." This suggests clarification loops can happen, probably before classification or during? Given the backbone, likely during the pre-classification or even during risk assessment? But the backbone is stable procedural backbone. Let's include clarification loop in the procedural model? Or leave it out?

The task says: "Your task: Design a hybrid model and explain which behavior belongs in..." So I can put the backbone in procedural, and clarification loops might be in DECLARE or approximate.

Given the backbone description:
- After receipt, three checks concurrent.
- Classify Risk requires all three.
- After classification, primary outcome choices.
- Activation -> Release -> Close (or Reject -> Close).

Clarification is not in the backbone, but R3 requires it. So in procedural model, I could include an optional loop before Classify Risk? Or I could say that clarification is handled in DECLARE and not in procedural backbone because it's not part of the stable backbone. However, T2 and T5 show clarifications occurring before Classify. T2 shows Request at 4, Receive at 30, then Classify at 32. So it fits before classification. T5 shows Request at 4, then Classify at 5 with no receive.

Thus, for the procedural backbone, I should probably model the core flow, and mention that clarification loops are approximated or excluded, handled in DECLARE. But since the backbone says "stable procedural backbone", and clarification is cross-cutting, I'll include a loop in the procedural model? Let's think.

If I use ProcessTree, I can represent concurrency with & (parallel), choice with XOR, loop with LOOP.

Let's try to model:

Start -> Receive Onboarding Request -> Parallel(Capture, Sanctions Screening, Verify Bank) -> Classify Risk.

But clarification can happen before Classify. Actually in T2, Request Clarification happens before Capture? No, in T2: Receive@0, Run@1, Verify@2, Capture@3, Request@4, Receive@30, Classify@32. So clarification can happen interleaved with the concurrent checks or after them but before classify. The backbone says the three may proceed concurrently after receipt. So clarification could happen in parallel? Or between them? To keep procedural backbone simple, I might model the three checks as concurrent, and allow an optional clarification loop that can occur before Classify Risk. But ProcessTree is block-structured, so a loop that interleaves with parallel might be tricky.

Alternative: Use POWL (Partially Ordered Workflow Language) which allows more flexible precedence. Or use an accepting Petri net.

Given the instructions: "If you use a process tree and approximate a non-block-structured interaction, disclose the approximation." So I could use ProcessTree and approximate the clarification loop as occurring before the parallel block or within a loop that encloses the parallel block? But in T2, clarification occurs after some checks (Run and Verify done, Capture done at 3, then Request at 4). So it's after all three? Actually Capture at 3, Request at 4, so yes after all three? Wait in T2: Run@1, Verify@2, Capture@3, Request@4. So all three are done before Request. Then Receive at 30, then Classify at 32. So in this case, clarification happens after the concurrent checks are complete, but before Classify.

In T5: Capture@1, Run@2, Verify@3, Request@4, Classify@5. So also after checks, before Classify.

Thus, clarification loop can be placed between the parallel checks and Classify Risk. That is block-structured!

So procedural model:
Receive -> Parallel(Capture, Sanctions, Verify) -> Loop(Clarification) -> Classify Risk -> ...

The loop: Request Clarification -> Receive Clarification -> loop back? Or loop allows multiple requests. Actually R3: "Several request/response cycles are possible." So it's a loop: Request -> Receive -> (maybe loop back to Request). But the loop condition is that you can have multiple cycles. In ProcessTree, LOOP(X, Y) means do X at least once? Actually in PM4Py ProcessTree, LOOP(operator, left, right) means left is executed, then either right (loop back) or exit. But we want zero or more cycles? Actually clarification is optional? The backbone doesn't mention it, but R3 says every request must eventually receive. It doesn't say clarification must happen. So it's optional. In ProcessTree, we can have an XOR with a silent loop? Or we can approximate as optional loop using a loop with a silent skip? Actually ProcessTree doesn't have optional directly except XOR with silent.

But since we are putting clarification in the procedural backbone, we can model it as an optional loop after the parallel block and before classify. Let's use a LOOP that allows repeating.

Specifically: After parallel, we can have a choice: either go directly to Classify, or enter clarification loop. But the loop needs to allow multiple iterations.

In ProcessTree notation:
->(Receive, &(Capture, Sanctions, Verify), ->(Loop, Classify, ...))

Wait, ProcessTree nodes: SEQ, XOR, PAR, LOOP.

Let's define:
SEQ(
  Receive,
  PAR(Capture, Sanctions, Verify),
  LOOP(
    XOR(SILENT, SEQ(Request, Receive)),
    Classify
  ),
  ...
)

But that's not quite right. The LOOP in PM4Py ProcessTree is defined as loop(do, redo, exit). Actually the PM4Py ProcessTree has a LOOP node with two children: left is the body that can loop, right is the redo part? Let's recall PM4Py ProcessTree API.

In PM4Py, ProcessTree is a tree with nodes:
- ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[...])
- ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[...])
- ProcessTree(operator=Operator.PARALLEL, children=[...])
- ProcessTree(operator=Operator.LOOP, children=[left, right]) where left is executed, then either right (loop back) or exit.

Actually in PM4Py documentation, LOOP has exactly two children: the first is the body executed at least once, the second is the redo part executed zero or more times, then back to first? Wait, need to be precise.

Looking at standard process tree: LOOP(A, B) means execute A, then either exit or execute B and then repeat A. So A is mandatory, B is optional and loops back.

If we want Request->Receive to be optional and loopable, we could set A = Request? But Request is not mandatory. So LOOP is not perfect for optional loop. Instead, we could approximate using XOR with a loop, or we can say in the procedural backbone that clarification is not strictly block-structured and is handled primarily in DECLARE, with an approximate representation.

Given the instructions: "You may use a process tree and approximate a non-block-structured interaction, disclose the approximation." So I can put a loop approximation.

But actually, since clarification is cross-cutting and R3 is about every request eventually receiving, maybe it's better to keep the procedural backbone focused on the stable backbone (without clarification loop), and handle clarification entirely in DECLARE. However, T2 and T5 show clarification occurring in the trace, so if the procedural model doesn't allow it, conformance checking with the procedural model might reject T2 and T5. But the task asks for "self-contained PM4Py Python code assigning the model to procedural_model" and "explanation of concurrency, choices, clarification loops, terminal outcomes, and any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded."

Thus, I should include the clarification loop in the procedural model, or explicitly state it's excluded and approximated. Let's include it as an optional loop approximated using XOR and LOOP, or disclose that it's approximated.

Let's design the procedural model with a LOOP that allows the clarification cycle.

We can model:
After PAR(...), we have an XOR:
- Path 1: Silent (skip to Classify)
- Path 2: LOOP(Request_Clarification, Receive_Clarification) ??? No, that forces Request at least once.

Actually we want optional repetition of (Request -> Receive). We can approximate by nesting: XOR(SILENT, LOOP(Request, Receive, Silent))? Not quite.

Given PM4Py ProcessTree, we can do:
XOR(
  SILENT,
  SEQ(Request_Clarification, LOOP(SILENT, Receive_Clarification))? No.

Let's check PM4Py ProcessTree syntax for silent: we can use ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[..., ...]) with a ProcessTree leaf? Actually silent tasks are represented as "skip" or "invisible". In PM4Py, you can use ProcessTree with a label "invisible"? Actually the standard is to use a ProcessTree node with label "skip"? Let's check mental model: In pm4py, ProcessTree nodes are objects with label, children, parent. For silent, you might use ProcessTree("skip")? But I'm not entirely sure of the exact syntax. However, I can write the code using the pm4py objects library.

Actually, to avoid syntax errors, I might use POWL (Partially Ordered Workflow Language) which is more flexible and allows explicit edges. The instructions allow POWL: "Use a ProcessTree, POWL, or accepting Petri net. If you use POWL, add every precedence edge explicitly."

POWL might be easier to represent concurrency, choice, and optional loop? Actually POWL is a partial order with choice and loop, but maybe more complex.

Alternatively, use an accepting Petri net (using pm4py objects). But constructing an accepting Petri net from scratch is verbose.

Given the instructions allow ProcessTree with approximation disclosure, I'll use ProcessTree and approximate the optional clarification loop as being enclosed in an XOR with a silent skip, and within the loop branch, use a LOOP that allows repetition. Actually we can have:

XOR(
  SILENT,  # skip clarification entirely
  LOOP(
    SEQ(Request_Clarification, Receive_Clarification),
    SILENT
  )
)

Wait, LOOP(A, B) executes A, then either B (loop) or exit. If A = SEQ(Request, Receive), then A executes both Request and Receive at least once. Then B = SILENT allows looping back to A without doing anything? That doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, we can model the loop as:
LOOP(
  Request_Clarification,
  SEQ(Receive_Clarification, SILENT) ? No.

Actually, the standard loop in process trees for "do A then optionally B and repeat A" is LOOP(A,B). If we want "do A then B then optionally repeat", it's LOOP(A, SEQ(B, SILENT))? No.

Let's recall: In BPMN, a loop is usually "while condition" or "repeat until". But in process trees, LOOP is specifically: execute left child, then either execute right child and loop back, or exit. So left child is executed every iteration, right child is executed before looping back.

Thus, if left = Request_Clarification, right = Receive_Clarification, then we execute Request, then either exit or execute Receive and loop back to Request. That means every iteration starts with Request, and if we loop, we do Receive then Request again. That fits! Let's check:

Iteration 1:
- Execute Request (left)
- Choose: exit or loop (execute right: Receive, then loop back)
If we choose loop:
- Execute Receive
- Loop back to left (Request)
Iteration 2:
- Execute Request
- Choose: exit or loop...

But R3 requires that every Request eventually receives a Receive before the next Request and before final outcome. In this LOOP, if we exit after Request without doing Receive, that's a violation. So the loop should enforce that if Request is done, Receive must follow. But LOOP allows exiting after Request. So we need to constrain that exit is only allowed after Receive? Actually in LOOP(A,B), after A, you can either do B and loop, or exit. So you can exit immediately after A, which is bad.

Thus, LOOP is not perfect for enforcing response. But that's okay: we can enforce the response in DECLARE, and in the procedural model approximate the loop as allowing the sequence.

Given all this, I think it's best to include the clarification loop in the procedural model as an optional XOR branch that contains a LOOP approximating repetition, but disclose that the response constraint is enforced in DECLARE, not in the procedural model.

Specifically, procedural model:
SEQ(
  Receive,
  PAR(Capture, Sanctions, Verify),
  XOR(
    SILENT,
    SEQ(Request_Clarification, Receive_Clarification)  # at least one cycle if entered? Actually SEQ is one cycle.
  ),
  Classify,
  ...
)

But R3 allows several cycles. So SEQ is only one cycle. To allow several, we need LOOP.

Let's try:
XOR(
  SILENT,
  LOOP(
    SEQ(Request_Clarification, Receive_Clarification),
    SILENT
  )
)

Wait, LOOP(left, right) with left = SEQ(Request, Receive) and right = SILENT.
Execution:
- Execute left (Request then Receive).
- Then choose: execute right (SILENT) and loop back, or exit.
If we loop back, we execute left again (Request then Receive). So this allows multiple cycles, each consisting of Request then Receive. After the final cycle, we exit. This is perfect! Let's verify:
Iteration 1: Request, Receive. Then choose: loop back (via SILENT) or exit.
If loop back: do SILENT, then left again: Request, Receive.
This allows 1, 2, 3, ... cycles. And we never exit after Request alone; we always complete the SEQ left before deciding to loop or exit. So every Request is followed by Receive within the loop. However, what if we enter the loop? The XOR decides whether to enter the loop at all (SILENT path) or enter the loop (left path). Once inside, we do at least one Request-Receive pair. Then we can loop for more.

Thus, this models optional clarification with one or more cycles, each Request followed immediately by Receive. This approximates R3 well, except that R3 allows a Request, then Receive, then another Request, etc. Our loop does exactly that. It doesn't allow Request to be followed by something else before Receive (within the loop), but since left is SEQ(Request, Receive), that's enforced.

But wait: R3 says "Every Request Clarification must eventually receive a Receive Clarification before the next clarification request and before any final outcome." Our loop enforces that within the loop, Request is immediately followed by Receive in the sequence. But can there be other activities between Request and Receive? In T2, Request at 4, Receive at 30, with other activities? Actually in T2, after Request at 4, the next event is Receive at 30. There are no other activities in between. So immediate sequence is okay? Actually in the trace, they are consecutive events. So yes.

But is it required that they are consecutive? R3 says "before the next clarification request and before any final outcome". It allows other activities in between? "before the next clarification request" means the Receive must occur before the next Request. It doesn't say immediately after. But in our loop, they are immediate in the model, which is a stricter approximation. Given the backbone, we can accept this approximation. Or we can disclose that the procedural model enforces adjacency, while DECLARE allows interleaving.

Thus, procedural backbone can be:
SEQ(
  Receive,
  PAR(Capture, Sanctions, Verify),
  XOR(
    ProcessTree("skip")? Actually SILENT,
    LOOP(
      SEQ(Request, Receive),
      ProcessTree("skip")  # loop back
    )
  ),
  Classify,
  XOR(
    Reject,
    SEQ(
      XOR(
        SEQ(Enhanced, Compliance),  # high-risk
        Manager  # low-risk
      ),
      Activate,
      SEQ(Release, Close)  # but wait, release then close, and reject path also close.
    )
  )
)

Wait, the backbone after classification:
Choice:
- Reject -> then Close.
- Low-risk: Manager -> Activate -> Release -> Close.
- High-risk: Enhanced -> Compliance -> Activate -> Release -> Close.

Also, there is post-activation behavior: Change Bank Details, Suspend Vendor, another Verify Bank Account, etc. R11 mentions this. The backbone mentions "Activation follows the applicable approval. Release First Payment follows activation. Close Onboarding follows either rejection or first payment." But R11 adds that Change Bank Details after activation requires Suspend, then Verify, then later Release.

The instructions say: "explanation of concurrency, choices, clarification loops, terminal outcomes, and any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded."

So I should include the basic activation-release-close, and mention that post-activation change/suspend is excluded from the procedural backbone and handled in other layers (or approximated). Given the complexity, it's reasonable to exclude the post-activation change loop from the procedural backbone and mention it in the resource/data layer or DECLARE.

Actually R11 involves Change Bank Details, Suspend Vendor, Verify Bank Account, Release First Payment. This is a post-activation flow. To include it in ProcessTree, we'd need loops after activation. Let's see if we can include it.

After Activate:
XOR(
  SEQ(Change, Suspend, Verify, Release, Close?), ... No, Close follows either rejection or first payment. If Change happens after activation, then Suspend, Verify, then Release First Payment (maybe again?), then Close. But R10 says Release First Payment occurs at most once. Wait R10: "Release First Payment occurs at most once." But R11 says "before any later Release First Payment". That implies there could be a later release? Actually R11: "If Change Bank Details occurs after activation, Suspend Vendor must eventually follow it; another Verify Bank Account must occur before any later Release First Payment." This suggests that after Change, you suspend, verify, and then you might release payment later (maybe the first payment hasn't been released yet? Or it's a later payment?). But R10 says Release First Payment at most once. So "later Release First Payment" might be contradictory? Let's parse carefully.

R10: Activate Vendor and Reject Vendor each occur at most once. Release First Payment occurs at most once.
R11: If Change Bank Details occurs after activation, Suspend Vendor must eventually follow it; another Verify Bank Account must occur before any later Release First Payment.

If Release First Payment can occur at most once (R10), then there is no "later" Release First Payment. So R11 might apply in a scenario where the first release hasn't happened yet? Actually "after activation" could be before or after the first release. If Change Bank Details occurs after activation but before Release First Payment, then Suspend, Verify, then Release First Payment (the one allowed). So "any later Release First Payment" is a bit ambiguous, but likely means "if there is a release after the change, it must be preceded by another verify". Given R10 allows at most one release, it's just saying that if release hasn't happened yet and change occurs, then you need to verify again before releasing.

Thus, we can include in procedural model that after activation, there is an optional path: either go directly to Release then Close, or go through Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release -> Close. But we need to ensure at most one release. We can approximate this.

Given the instructions say "any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded", I think it's acceptable to include the basic flow and mention that the Change/Suspend/Verify loop is handled by an external check or approximated.

But to be strong, maybe I should include it in the procedural model.

Let's try to include it after Activate:

After Activate:
XOR(
  SEQ(Release, Close),  # normal path
  SEQ(Change, Loop? No, Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release -> Close)  # but Release must be at most once, and Close after.
)

But wait, if Change occurs, then Suspend, Verify, then Release, then Close. That's one path. But R11 says "another Verify Bank Account must occur before any later Release First Payment." So in the path with Change, we have Verify before Release. But we already had Verify before Classify. This is a second Verify.

Thus, after Activate:
XOR(
  SEQ(Release, Close),
  SEQ(Change, Suspend, Verify, Release, Close)
)

But we must ensure that if we take the first path, we don't also take the second. The XOR handles that.

However, the backbone says "Release First Payment follows activation. Close Onboarding follows either rejection or first payment." So this fits.

But also, if we reject, we go to Reject then Close, without activation.

Thus, the full procedural tree might be complex but manageable.

Let's outline the ProcessTree structure precisely:

Tree:
SEQ(
  "Receive Onboarding Request",
  PAR(
    "Capture Master Data",
    "Run Sanctions Screening",
    "Verify Bank Account"
  ),
  XOR(
    "skip",  # no clarification
    LOOP(
      SEQ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"),
      "skip"
    )
  ),
  "Classify Risk",
  XOR(
    "Reject Vendor",
    SEQ(
      XOR(
        SEQ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),  # high-risk
        "Manager Approval"  # low-risk
      ),
      "Activate Vendor",
      XOR(
        SEQ("Release First Payment", "Close Onboarding"),  # no change
        SEQ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account", "Release First Payment", "Close Onboarding")  # change path
      )
    )
  )
)

Wait, but after Activate, we have XOR between direct release/close and change path. However, in the change path, we have Release then Close. So both paths have Release then Close. We can factor that:

SEQ(
  XOR(
    SEQ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
    "Manager Approval"
  ),
  "Activate Vendor",
  XOR(
    "skip_change",  # go directly to release
    SEQ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account")
  ),
  "Release First Payment",
  "Close Onboarding"
)

But this allows Change after Release? No, because XOR is before Release. Actually in the tree above, after Activate, we choose either skip or Change-Suspend-Verify, then Release, then Close. That's correct. But does it allow Change after Release? No, because Release is after the XOR. So Change must occur before Release. R11 says "If Change Bank Details occurs after activation..." It doesn't specify relative to release, but likely before or after. Actually "after activation" could be after release too? But in our model, Change must be before Release. Is that an approximation? Yes, we should disclose that the procedural model places the change loop before the first payment release.

But wait, R10 says Release occurs at most once. So if Change occurs after Release, then there is no "later" release. But R11 mentions "any later Release First Payment", which might imply Change could occur before the first release. So placing it before Release is appropriate.

However, there's also the rejection path: after Classify, XOR(Reject, SEQ(...)). In the SEQ path, we have approval, activate, optional change, release, close.

But we need to ensure that in the high-risk path, Enhanced and Compliance occur, and in low-risk, Manager occurs. The XOR inside handles that.

But there's a problem: R8 says Enhanced and Manager should not co-occur, Compliance and Manager should not co-occur. Our XOR ensures exactly one of the two branches (high-risk or low-risk), so they won't co-occur. Good.

But what about R2: Exactly one of Manager and Compliance in accepted case, neither in rejected. Our model: Rejected path has neither. Accepted path has XOR, so exactly one of Manager or (Enhanced then Compliance). Wait, in high-risk, we have Enhanced then Compliance. So Compliance occurs. Manager does not. So exactly one approval (either Manager or Compliance). Good. Neither in rejected. So R2 is satisfied structurally.

R1: Reject and Activate never same case. Our XOR at top level after Classify ensures either Reject or the SEQ that includes Activate. So they are mutually exclusive. Good.

R10: At most once for Activate, Reject, Release. In our tree, each is a single leaf, so they occur at most once. Good.

Now, about the clarification loop: In our tree, after PAR and before Classify, we have XOR(skip, LOOP(SEQ(Request, Receive), skip)). This allows zero or more Request-Receive pairs. But wait, the LOOP has left = SEQ(Request, Receive) and right = skip. So first iteration: Request then Receive. Then choose: loop back (do skip then left again) or exit. So if we loop back, we do skip (silent) then Request then Receive. That introduces a silent step between Receive and the next Request. That's okay, but it means the loop can repeat. So this allows multiple cycles. Good.

But is it correct that the loop is optional? Yes, the XOR chooses between skip (no clarification) and entering the loop (which forces at least one Request-Receive). So clarification is optional but if present requires at least one pair. R3 allows several cycles. Good.

However, there's a subtlety: In T5, Request occurs at 4, then Classify at 5, then Manager, Activate, etc., with no Receive. Our procedural model would reject T5 because it either takes the skip path (no Request) or the loop path (Request followed by Receive). Since there is a Request but no Receive, it doesn't fit either path: if it takes skip path, Request shouldn't be there; if it takes loop path, Receive must be there. So the procedural model correctly rejects T5. Good.

But wait, can Request occur in the skip path? No, because skip path has no activities. So if Request is present, it must be in the loop path, which requires Receive. So T5 fails procedural conformance. Good.

Now, about concurrency: PAR(Capture, Sanctions, Verify) allows them in any order. Good.

One more thing: R7 says Sanctions Escalation may occur only after Run Sanctions Screening. Our procedural model doesn't include Sanctions Escalation at all! The backbone doesn't mention it, but R4, R5, R6, R7 involve it. So I need to include Sanctions Escalation in the procedural model? Or leave it out?

The scenario mentions it in cross-cutting requirements. The backbone doesn't mention it, but it's part of the process. Actually, Sanctions Escalation likely occurs after Run Sanctions Screening, perhaps instead of or in addition to other paths. Given R7 and R4-R6, it's a cross-cutting exception. To include it in the procedural model, we might need to allow it after Sanctions Screening and before or during the flow.

But the backbone is "stable procedural backbone". The escalation might be an exception that can occur after screening. Given the instructions say "any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded", I can also choose to include or exclude escalation.

However, since R5 and R6 are central to the conflict, I should probably include Sanctions Escalation and Obtain Legal Opinion in the procedural model, at least approximately.

Where does escalation occur? After Run Sanctions Screening. It could occur before Classify? Or after? In T6 and T7, Escalation occurs after Classify? Let's check:
T6: Run@2, Verify@3, Capture@1? Actually order: Capture@1, Run@2, Verify@3, Classify@5, Sanctions Escalation@6. So Escalation is after Classify! Wait, in T6: Receive@0, Capture@1, Run@2, Verify@3, Classify@5, Sanctions Escalation@6. So Escalation is after Classify Risk.

But R7 says "Sanctions Escalation may occur only after Run Sanctions Screening." It doesn't say it must be before Classify. So it can occur after Classify.

In T7: Run@2, Verify@3, Capture@1, Classify@5, Escalation@6. So also after Classify.

Thus, Escalation is part of the post-classification path? Or it can occur in the high-risk path? Actually in T6 and T7, after Escalation, they do Enhanced Due Diligence, then Compliance Approval. So Escalation is part of the high-risk route? Or can it occur in any case?

Given the backbone: after classification, case follows reject, low-risk, or high-risk. But T6 is high-risk (Enhanced, Compliance). T7 is also high-risk. So perhaps Escalation is an event that can occur in the high-risk path, after Classify and before Enhanced? Or after? In T6: Classify@5, Escalation@6, Enhanced@8. So Escalation is after Classify, before Enhanced. In T7: same.

Thus, we can model Escalation as occurring within the high-risk branch, after Classify but before Enhanced Due Diligence? Or within the overall flow after Classify.

But R5 says after Escalation, Legal Opinion must precede Activate. In T6: Escalation@6, Enhanced@8, Compliance@12, Activate@13, Opinion@23. So Opinion is after Activate. That's the conflict.

Thus, to model this in procedural backbone, we need to include Escalation and Legal Opinion in the high-risk path.

But wait, what if Escalation occurs in a low-risk case? The requirements don't forbid it, but R5 applies if it occurs. However, R8 mentions Enhanced and Manager shouldn't co-occur, but Escalation isn't mentioned.

Given the complexity, I will include in the procedural backbone an optional Escalation and Legal Opinion path within the high-risk branch, but disclose approximations.

Actually, to keep the procedural backbone compact and avoid overcomplicating, I might include Escalation as an optional activity that can occur after Classify but before the approval/activation sequence, and Legal Opinion as required before activation if Escalation occurred. But this requires data/state awareness, which ProcessTree can't do easily.

Thus, it's appropriate to put the backbone in the procedural model without Escalation/Legal Opinion, and handle those in DECLARE and resource/data layers. But then T6 and T7 wouldn't conform to the procedural model because they contain activities not in the model. However, conformance checking with a procedural model can allow extra activities? Actually if the model doesn't have those activities, traces containing them will be non-conforming (if using token-based replay).

But the task asks for "procedural backbone" and "explanation of ... any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded." So I can deliberately exclude Escalation, Enhanced? No, Enhanced is part of the high-risk route. Actually Enhanced is in the backbone. So I should include Enhanced and Compliance. But Escalation and Legal Opinion are cross-cutting exceptions.

Wait, the backbone says: "use the high-risk route, requiring Enhanced Due Diligence followed by Compliance Approval." So Enhanced and Compliance are in the backbone. Escalation and Legal Opinion are not in the backbone description, but are in R4-R7.

Thus, in the procedural model, I'll include the backbone with Enhanced/Compliance, and exclude Escalation/Obtain Legal Opinion, stating they are handled in DECLARE/resource layers. But then T6 and T7 contain these activities, so procedural conformance will show deviations. That's okay: the verdict matrix can show "fail" or "not evaluated" for procedural layer if the model excludes them.

But actually, the task says "Provide: 1. a compact formal description; 2. self-contained PM4Py Python code... 3. an explanation of concurrency, choices, clarification loops, terminal outcomes, and any post-activation behavior included or deliberately excluded." So I should explicitly say that Sanctions Escalation and Obtain Legal Opinion are excluded from the procedural backbone and enforced via DECLARE and resource checks.

But wait, T2 includes Request/Receive, which are in our loop. Good.

Thus, procedural model will include:
- Receive
- PAR(Capture, Sanctions, Verify)
- XOR(skip, LOOP(SEQ(Request,Receive), skip))
- Classify
- XOR(Reject, SEQ(XOR(SEQ(Enhanced,Compliance), Manager), Activate, XOR(skip_change, SEQ(Change,Suspend,Verify)), Release, Close))

Wait, I need to be careful with the XOR for low/high risk. Actually it's:
XOR(
  SEQ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
  "Manager Approval"
)

Then SEQ with Activate, etc.

But in the tree, the rejection path should go directly to Reject then Close. The acceptance path should go through the risk choice, then activate, then optional change, then release, then close.

Thus:
XOR(
  SEQ("Reject Vendor", "Close Onboarding"),
  SEQ(
    XOR(
      SEQ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
      "Manager Approval"
    ),
    "Activate Vendor",
    XOR(
      "skip",  # direct to release
      SEQ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account")
    ),
    "Release First Payment",
    "Close Onboarding"
  )
)

This looks good.

But wait, R11 mentions "If Change Bank Details occurs after activation..." In our model, Change is after Activate, but before Release. That's "after activation". Good.

However, what if Change occurs but there was no prior Release? Then we do Change, Suspend, Verify, Release, Close. That's okay. If Release already happened? Our model prevents Change after Release because of the sequence. So we are approximating that Change can only occur before the first release. We should disclose this.

Now, for the code, I need to use pm4py objects. Let's construct the tree using pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj.

In pm4py:
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator

Then:
tree = ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, parent=None)
...

But actually it's easier to build recursively. Let's write Python code.

I'll define:
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator

def make_leaf(label):
    return ProcessTree(label=label)

Then build.

But I need to make sure the code is self-contained and assigns to procedural_model.

Let's draft the code:

```python
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator

def pt(label, operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=None):
    # Not needed, but let's build manually.
    pass

# Actually build directly:
procedural_model = ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
    ProcessTree(label="Receive Onboarding Request"),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.PARALLEL, children=[
        ProcessTree(label="Capture Master Data"),
        ProcessTree(label="Run Sanctions Screening"),
        ProcessTree(label="Verify Bank Account")
    ]),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
        ProcessTree(label="skip"),  # silent skip for no clarification
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.LOOP, children=[
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                ProcessTree(label="Request Clarification"),
                ProcessTree(label="Receive Clarification")
            ]),
            ProcessTree(label="skip")
        ])
    ]),
    ProcessTree(label="Classify Risk"),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
            ProcessTree(label="Reject Vendor"),
            ProcessTree(label="Close Onboarding")
        ]),
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
                ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                    ProcessTree(label="Enhanced Due Diligence"),
                    ProcessTree(label="Compliance Approval")
                ]),
                ProcessTree(label="Manager Approval")
            ]),
            ProcessTree(label="Activate Vendor"),
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
                ProcessTree(label="skip"),
                ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                    ProcessTree(label="Change Bank Details"),
                    ProcessTree(label="Suspend Vendor"),
                    ProcessTree(label="Verify Bank Account")
                ])
            ]),
            ProcessTree(label="Release First Payment"),
            ProcessTree(label="Close Onboarding")
        ])
    ])
])
```

Wait, the silent "skip" in XOR: in pm4py, silent tasks are usually represented with label "skip" or "invisible"? Actually in process trees, tau (silent) is often represented by an empty string or "tau". But to be safe, I'll use "skip" and mention it's treated as invisible.

But is ProcessTree(operator=Operator.LOOP, children=[...]) correct? Yes, LOOP takes exactly two children: the body (left) and the redo (right). In our case:
Left: SEQ(Request, Receive)
Right: "skip" (silent loop back)

So execution: do Request then Receive. Then either exit, or do skip and loop back to left. This allows repetition.

But wait: the right child is executed before looping back. If right is "skip", then we loop back silently. That's correct.

However, there's a subtle issue: in PM4Py, the LOOP node's semantics might be that the right child is executed after the left child, and then the loop repeats from the left. Actually standard: LOOP(A,B) = A then (B then LOOP(A,B) or exit). So yes, right is executed if looping. So our model is correct.

But we also have the XOR around the LOOP: either skip (exit immediately) or enter LOOP (do at least one Request-Receive). Good.

One more issue: in the acceptance path, we have XOR for low/high risk. That's correct.

Now, about the procedural backbone explanation: I need to explain concurrency (PAR), choices (XOR), clarification loops (XOR with LOOP), terminal outcomes (Reject/Close or Release/Close), and post-activation behavior (optional Change -> Suspend -> Verify included before Release).

Now, section 2: Requirement-to-Formalism Mapping.

We need a table with columns: Requirement, Primary formalism, Exact encoding, Why this formalism, Redundancy or limitation.

Let's map each R1-R12.

R1: Reject and Activate never together.
Primary: Procedural (XOR after Classify).
Also DECLARE: noncoexistence(Reject, Activate).
Also Log Skeleton: never_together({("Reject Vendor","Activate Vendor")}).
But authoritative: Procedural backbone (structural mutual exclusion). DECLARE reinforces.

R2: Exactly one of Manager Approval and Compliance Approval in accepted case; neither in rejected.
Primary: Procedural (XOR inside acceptance path ensures exactly one; rejection path excludes both).
Also DECLARE: exactly_one(Manager Approval) in context? Actually DECLARE can enforce with choice constraints, but it's easier in procedural. Also Log Skeleton: equivalence? No. Let's say primary is Procedural. Secondary: DECLARE with noncoexistence and responded existence? Actually we can use DECLARE noncoexistence between Manager and Compliance? No, that allows neither, but we need exactly one in accepted. Since DECLARE is global, enforcing exactly one globally is hard because in rejected case neither should occur. So procedural is authoritative. We can also add DECLARE rules for absence in rejection, but that's complex. So we'll say primary procedural, with DECLARE noncoexistence between Manager and Reject? Not exactly. We'll map appropriately.

Actually for R2, we can have DECLARE:
- noncoexistence("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval")? No, that prevents both, but we want exactly one in accepted. So DECLARE alone is weak.
- We could use exactly_one for both, but that allows exactly one globally, which means either Manager or Compliance occurs exactly once in every case. But rejected cases have neither, violating exactly one. So DECLARE exactly_one is not correct globally.
Thus, primary is procedural. Redundancy: Log Skeleton can check never_together for both pairs? Or directly_follows? We'll mention limitation.

R3: Every Request Clarification must eventually receive Receive Clarification before next request and before final outcome. Several cycles.
Primary: DECLARE (response(Request, Receive) and chain response? Actually response means if Request occurs, Receive eventually occurs. For "before next request", we need chainresponse? Or altresponse? Let's think.
We need: If Request occurs, then Receive occurs eventually, and before the next Request. That's chainresponse: Request -> Receive -> (next Request can only occur after Receive?). Actually chainresponse(A,B) means if A occurs, B occurs immediately after. But we want Receive eventually, but not necessarily immediately. However, R3 also says "before the next clarification request". So between Request and Receive, no other Request. And before final outcome.
In DECLARE:
- response("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): eventually.
- chainresponse("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): immediately after? Actually chainresponse means B occurs immediately after A, and then no A again until B? Wait, need to check DECLARE semantics.
Let's recall DECLARE templates:
- response(A, B): if A occurs, B eventually occurs after A.
- precedence(A, B): if B occurs, A eventually occurs before.
- chainresponse(A, B): if A occurs, B occurs immediately after A.
- altresponse(A, B): if A occurs, B eventually occurs after A, with no other A in between.
- altsuccession(A, B): B immediately after A, with no other B in between.
- nonsuccession(A, B): A and B cannot be adjacent in that order.

For R3: "Every Request must eventually receive Receive before the next clarification request and before any final outcome."
This can be decomposed:
1. response(Request, Receive): every Request eventually gets a Receive.
2. chainresponse(Request, Receive) or altresponse? Actually "before the next clarification request" means that after Request, the next Request (if any) must be preceded by Receive. So altresponse(Request, Receive) might work: if A occurs, B eventually occurs, with no other A in between. That ensures that between Request and Receive, there is no other Request. So altresponse(Request, Receive) captures "before next request".
3. Also, Receive must occur before final outcome (Close, Reject, etc.). That could be precedence(Receive, Close/Reject) or response(Receive, ...)? Actually "before any final outcome" means if Request occurs, Receive must occur before Close or Reject. So we can add precedence(Receive, "Close Onboarding") and precedence(Receive, "Reject Vendor")? Or simply rely on the loop being before Classify in the procedural model. But in DECLARE, we can add response(Request, Receive) combined with precedence(Receive, "Classify Risk") etc. But to be safe, we can include in DECLARE.
Thus, primary formalism: DECLARE.
Encoding: response + altresponse + maybe precedence.
We should list them.

Also Log Skeleton: directly_follows? No, because there might be other activities in between? Actually in our approximation they are adjacent, but in reality they might not be. So Log Skeleton might not be appropriate for "eventually". But we can include always_before({("Request Clarification","Receive Clarification")})? Actually always_before means if both occur, the first is before the second. That doesn't capture "eventually" if Receive doesn't occur. So Log Skeleton is weak here. We'll mention that.

R4: If Sanctions Escalation occurs, Obtain Legal Opinion must eventually occur.
Primary: DECLARE (response("Sanctions Escalation","Obtain Legal Opinion")).
Also Log Skeleton: always_after? Actually always_after means if both occur, the second is after the first. But doesn't enforce occurrence.
So primary DECLARE.

R5: After Sanctions Escalation, Obtain Legal Opinion must precede Activate Vendor under all circumstances.
This is the conflict with R6.
Primary: DECLARE (precedence("Obtain Legal Opinion", "Activate Vendor") constrained to cases where Escalation occurred? Actually DECLARE is global, but precedence is global: if both occur, Opinion before Activate. But we need it only when Escalation occurred. In DECLARE, we can combine with response? Actually we need: if Escalation occurs, then (Opinion before Activate). This is a conditional constraint. DECLARE doesn't have conditional templates directly (except by using combinations). We can approximate with a binary constraint: precedence(Opinion, Activate) globally? But that would require Opinion before Activate even if no Escalation, which might be okay? Actually in cases without Escalation, Opinion shouldn't occur. So if Opinion doesn't occur, precedence is vacuously satisfied? Wait, DECLARE precedence(A,B) means if B occurs, A must occur before. If A never occurs and B occurs, it's violated. So if we set precedence("Obtain Legal Opinion", "Activate Vendor"), then in any case where Activate occurs without Opinion, it's violated. That includes normal low-risk cases (T1, T4, T5). So that's wrong.

Thus, we need a conditional constraint. DECLARE alone can't express "if A then B before C". So we need either:
- Procedural model (but Escalation is excluded)
- Log Skeleton? No.
- Resource/data-aware validation layer.

Thus, R5 should be mapped to a resource/data-aware check or an approximate DECLARE combination. Actually we can use DECLARE with a "responded_existence" or "coexistence"? Let's think.

We want: Escalation -> (Opinion eventually) AND (Opinion before Activate).
We can encode in DECLARE:
- response("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion")
- And separately, we need to ensure that if Escalation and Activate occur, Opinion is in between. But as discussed, global precedence of Opinion before Activate fails for cases without Opinion.

So the authoritative layer for R5 is a custom validation check (resource/data-aware layer) that checks case-level conditions: if Escalation present, then check Opinion occurs and before Activate.

But we can also put an approximate rule in DECLARE: chainprecedence? Actually there's "precedence" with support/confidence. But it's still global.

Thus, for R5, primary formalism: External validation layer (resource/data-aware). Secondary: DECLARE response for Escalation->Opinion (R4).

R6: Operations: emergency activation may occur before Opinion, but only when jointly authorized outside log; opinion within 24h. Log lacks emergency attribute.
Primary: Policy conflict resolution / resource-data layer. Since the log lacks the attribute, we cannot verify the authorization. Thus, the check must be policy-dependent: if no "emergency" flag, then R6 is not applicable; if we assume no emergency, then R5 applies. We'll map this to the resource/data layer with a missing-attribute guard.

R7: Sanctions Escalation only after Run Sanctions Screening.
Primary: DECLARE (precedence("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation")? Actually "only after" means if Escalation occurs, Screening must have occurred before. So precedence(Screening, Escalation) or response? Actually precedence(A,B) means if B occurs, A occurs before. So precedence("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation") works.
Also procedural? Not included. So DECLARE is good.

R8: Enhanced Due Diligence and Manager Approval should not co-occur. Compliance Approval and Manager Approval should not co-occur.
Primary: DECLARE (noncoexistence pairs) and Procedural (XOR ensures this structurally for normal flow).
So authoritative: Procedural for the backbone; DECLARE for cross-case enforcement (e.g., if someone does both in a trace).

R9: Resource segregation: Verify Bank Account resource != applicable approval resource. Capture Master Data resource != Activate Vendor resource.
Primary: Resource/data-aware layer (explicit check). Activity-only formalisms cannot see resources. So we map to the validation layer using pm4py.filter_four_eyes_principle or custom check.

R10: At most once for Activate, Reject, Release.
Primary: Log Skeleton (activ_freq: {"Activate Vendor": {1}, ...? Actually "at most once" means allowed counts are {0,1}. So activ_freq maps to {0,1}. Or we can use DECLARE absence2? Actually DECLARE has "absence" (at most one? No, absence means zero occurrences). There's "exactly_one" (exactly one). There's "absence2" (at most one). In PM4Py DECLARE, there is "absence" and "exactly_one", but I'm not sure about "absence2". Actually DECLARE templates include:
- absence
- absence2
- absence3
- existence
- exactly_one
- etc.

Yes, absence2 means at most one occurrence. So we can use DECLARE absence2 for these. But Log Skeleton is also appropriate: activ_freq with {0,1}. We'll map both, with Log Skeleton as primary for frequency, DECLARE as redundancy.

R11: If Change Bank Details after activation, then Suspend eventually follows; another Verify Bank Account before any later Release First Payment.
Primary: Procedural (included in tree: Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release) and DECLARE (response, precedence). But since it's conditional, the external layer can check.
Actually in our procedural model, we included Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release. So structural. But R10 says Release at most once, so "any later Release" is moot unless Change occurs before first release. Our procedural model handles this. We'll map primarily to procedural, with DECLARE for the conditional response/precedence.

R12: Temporal expectations.
Primary: Temporal profile (dictionary with mean/std). Not an automatic reject. So temporal profile layer.

Thus, table is clear.

Now, section 4: DECLARE Model.

We need a valid-looking PM4Py DECLARE dictionary named `declare_model`.

In PM4Py, DECLARE model is a dictionary like:
{
  "response": {("A","B"): ...},
  ...
}

But actually the format for pm4py.conformance_declare expects a dictionary where keys are template names and values are dictionaries with keys being tuples (source, target) and values being dictionaries with "support" and "confidence".

The prompt says: "Use only templates that you can explain. For unary templates, use activity keys. For binary templates, use (source_activity, target_activity) tuple keys. Each rule value must contain support set to 1.0 and an explicit confidence value."

So we need to construct a dictionary like:
declare_model = {
    "response": {
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "precedence": {
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ...
    },
    ...
}

We need to include rules that cover R1-R8, R11, etc., but avoid contradictions.

Let's design the rules carefully.

For R1: Noncoexistence between Reject and Activate.
"noncoexistence": {("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"): ...}
But wait, noncoexistence is symmetric? Actually in DECLARE, noncoexistence(A,B) means A and B never occur together (in either order). So the key is ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"). Good.

For R2: We can't fully capture with DECLARE globally. But we can add rules that approximate:
- "absence": {"Reject Vendor": ...}? No, that means Reject never occurs.
Actually we can leave R2 primarily in procedural. But we can add DECLARE rules for the pairs:
"noncoexistence": {
    ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"): ...? No, that prevents them together, which is correct in all cases? Actually in high-risk, Compliance occurs; in low-risk, Manager occurs. They never occur together. So noncoexistence(Manager, Compliance) is correct globally! Yes! Because in any case, you should have at most one, and specifically never both. So we can add:
("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"): noncoexistence.
Also, "noncoexistence": {("Manager Approval", "Reject Vendor"): ...}? Not necessary, but in rejected case, neither should occur. Noncoexistence between Manager and Reject means they never occur together. That's correct: if Reject occurs, Manager shouldn't. Similarly for Compliance and Reject. So we can add:
("Compliance Approval", "Reject Vendor"): noncoexistence.

But wait, noncoexistence is symmetric: if we put (A,B), it means both orders are forbidden. So (Manager, Reject) means Manager and Reject never together. That's correct.

Thus, R2 can be supported by DECLARE noncoexistence pairs:
- (Manager, Compliance)
- (Manager, Reject)
- (Compliance, Reject)

But actually (Manager, Compliance) ensures they don't co-occur. The other two ensure approvals don't co-occur with reject. This captures R2 well: in accepted case, exactly one approval (either Manager or Compliance) and no reject; in rejected case, no approvals and reject present. But DECLARE doesn't enforce "exactly one" positively. It only prevents wrong combinations. So we need procedural for the positive enforcement. We'll include these noncoexistence rules in DECLARE and note the limitation.

For R3: Response and Altresponse.
"response": {("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): ...}
"altresponse": {("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): ...}
Wait, altresponse means: if A occurs, B eventually occurs, and no other A occurs in between. That's exactly "before the next request". So yes.
Also "precedence": {("Receive Clarification", "Close Onboarding"): ...}? Not exactly. Actually we need Receive before final outcome. We can add "precedence" for Receive before Close and before Reject? Actually precedence(B,A) means if B occurs, A occurs before. So precedence("Close Onboarding", "Receive Clarification") means if Close occurs, Receive occurred before. But that only applies if both occur. If there's no Request/Receive, it's vacuously satisfied. So we can add:
"precedence": {("Close Onboarding", "Receive Clarification"): {"support":1.0,"confidence":0.9}, ("Reject Vendor", "Receive Clarification"): ...}
But that's indirect. Actually we want that if Request occurs, Receive occurs before Close. That's a conditional constraint. DECLARE can't express it directly. So we'll rely on the loop in procedural and the response/altresponse in DECLARE. We'll mention the limitation.

For R4: Response Escalation -> Opinion.
"response": {("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): ...}

For R5: This is tricky. As discussed, global precedence of Opinion before Activate fails for normal cases. So we should NOT include a global precedence. Instead, we can include it in the resource/data layer. But we can include a conditional check in DECLARE? No standard conditional template. So we omit R5 from DECLARE and explain in the table.

But wait, we could include "precedence" with low confidence? No, that would violate T1, T2, etc. So we must omit.

For R6: Not in DECLARE due to missing attribute.

For R7: Precedence Screening -> Escalation.
"precedence": {("Sanctions Escalation", "Run Sanctions Screening"): ...}? Wait, precedence(A,B) means if B occurs, A occurs before. So if we want Screening before Escalation, then A = Screening, B = Escalation.
So "precedence": {("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"): ...}

For R8: Noncoexistence pairs.
"noncoexistence": {
  ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval"): ...,
  ("Compliance Approval", "Manager Approval"): ...
}

For R9: Not in DECLARE (resource).

For R10: Absence2 or exactly_one? Let's use "absence2" for at most one.
In PM4Py DECLARE, templates include "absence2". So:
"absence2": {
  "Activate Vendor": {"support":1.0,"confidence":1.0},
  "Reject Vendor": ...,
  "Release First Payment": ...
}

But wait, the key format for unary templates: use activity keys (strings). So yes.

For R11: We can include DECLARE rules for the change path.
"response": {("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"): ...}
"precedence": {("Release First Payment", "Verify Bank Account"): ...}? Not exactly. We want if Change occurs, then Suspend eventually, and Verify before Release.
We can add:
"response": {("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"): ...}
"precedence": {("Release First Payment", "Verify Bank Account"): ...} but that's global and wrong (Verify should be before Classify, not necessarily before Release in all cases). Actually in normal flow, there's a Verify before Classify, but not necessarily immediately before Release. So global precedence(Verify, Release) might be okay? Wait, in T1: Verify at 3, Release at 80. So yes, Verify is before Release. In T2: Verify at 2, Release at 140. Yes. In T7: Verify at 3 and also at? Actually T7 doesn't have Change, but Verify at 3, Release at 45. So Verify is always before Release in these traces. But is it required globally? The backbone requires Verify before Classify, which is before Activate, which is before Release. So yes, Verify always precedes Release. So precedence("Verify Bank Account", "Release First Payment") is actually globally true. But R11 specifically requires "another Verify Bank Account" before release if Change occurred. So we can have:
- "response": {("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"): ...}
- "precedence": {("Release First Payment", "Verify Bank Account"): ...} but this is always true. To capture "another Verify", we might need to check that if Change occurs, there is a Verify after Change and before Release. That's conditional and needs external check.

So for DECLARE, we'll include the unconditional ones and note the conditional limitation.

For R12: Not in DECLARE.

Thus, declare_model will contain:
- response
- altresponse
- precedence
- noncoexistence
- absence2
- chainresponse? Maybe not needed.

Let's list all rules with confidence values (all high, e.g., 0.95 or 1.0).

Actually, since this is a design, confidence can be set to represent certainty. For structural rules, confidence 1.0. For normative ones, maybe 0.9 or 0.95.

Let's construct the dictionary precisely.

```python
declare_model = {
    "response": {
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "altresponse": {
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "precedence": {
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.99},
        ("Capture Master Data", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ("Verify Bank Account", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "noncoexistence": {
        ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Compliance Approval", "Reject Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Manager Approval", "Reject Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98}
    },
    "absence2": {
        "Activate Vendor": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        "Reject Vendor": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        "Release First Payment": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0}
    }
}
```

Wait, I included precedence for Capture/Run/Verify before Classify. That's correct but not strictly required by R's. However, it supports the backbone. That's okay.

But I need to ensure every rule is explained in a table. I'll create a table explaining direction and semantics.

Also, need to distinguish response from precedence, alternate response from chain response, noncoexistence from nonsuccession. I don't have nonsuccession or chainresponse in my model, but I should mention them in the explanation? The prompt says "Distinguish response from precedence, alternate response from chain response, and noncoexistence from nonsuccession where relevant." So I should explain why I chose altresponse instead of chainresponse, and why noncoexistence instead of nonsuccession.

Specifically:
- Response allows other activities between; chainresponse requires adjacency. I chose response (not chain) for clarification because other activities might occur? Actually in our procedural model they are adjacent, but in reality they might not be. So I should use response, not chainresponse. But I also included altresponse to enforce no other Request in between. Wait, altresponse is "alternate response": B eventually after A with no other A in between. That's correct for clarification cycles. So I should explain that I use response + altresponse together? Actually I listed both separately. Let's think: altresponse alone implies response (if A then B eventually, no A in between). So maybe I only need altresponse. But I can include both and explain. Actually in DECLARE, altresponse is a separate template that combines response and absence of A in between. So including both is redundant but okay.

Wait, the prompt requires "Distinguish response from precedence, alternate response from chain response, and noncoexistence from nonsuccession where relevant." So I need to explain my choices. Let's include altresponse for clarification, and explain why not chainresponse (because Receive doesn't have to be immediately adjacent; though in our approximation it is, but we allow interleaving with other activities? Actually no other activities between them in the loop, but we don't want to enforce adjacency globally). So altresponse is appropriate.

For R1, I used noncoexistence instead of nonsuccession. Noncoexistence means A and B never appear together (in either order). Nonsuccession means they don't appear in a specific order (A then B). Since R1 forbids both orders (Reject then Activate or Activate then Reject), noncoexistence is correct, while nonsuccession would only cover one direction.

Good.

Now, section 5: Log-Skeleton Model.

Dictionary named `log_skeleton` with six keys.

We need to populate only constraints we can defend.

Let's think about what the Log Skeleton can express:
- equivalence: activities that always occur together (if one occurs, the other does, and vice versa). Not really present, except maybe Enhanced and Compliance? No, they occur together in high-risk, but not always. So empty.
- always_before: pairs (A,B) meaning if both occur, A is always before B.
We can include:
("Receive Onboarding Request", "Capture Master Data")? Not necessarily always, but in backbone yes. Actually Capture can occur after other things? No, it's after Receive. So if both occur, Receive is before Capture. Similarly for Run, Verify, Classify, etc.
But Log Skeleton is about observed traces? Actually `conformance_log_skeleton` checks constraints against the log. So we should include pairs that hold in all traces.
Given the backbone:
- Receive before Capture, Run, Verify, Classify, etc.
- The three checks (Capture, Run, Verify) are concurrent, so they have no ordering.
- Request before Receive (if both occur).
- Classify before Manager/Enhanced/Compliance/Reject/Activate/Close.
- Manager/Enhanced before Activate.
- Activate before Release.
- Release before Close.
- Reject before Close.

But also cross-cutting:
- Run before Escalation.
- Change after Activate? Not always present.

Given we only populate defendable constraints, let's include the backbone ordering constraints.

Specifically:
always_before = {
    ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Capture Master Data"),
    ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Run Sanctions Screening"),
    ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Verify Bank Account"),
    ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Classify Risk"),
    ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Request Clarification"),  # if present
    ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"),  # if both present
    ("Classify Risk", "Reject Vendor"),
    ("Classify Risk", "Manager Approval"),
    ("Classify Risk", "Enhanced Due Diligence"),
    ("Classify Risk", "Compliance Approval"),
    ("Classify Risk", "Sanctions Escalation"),  # in traces where both present
    ("Manager Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
    ("Compliance Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
    ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
    ("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment"),
    ("Release First Payment", "Close Onboarding"),
    ("Reject Vendor", "Close Onboarding"),
    ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"),
    ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"),  # if both present
    ("Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account"),  # in change path? Actually Verify after Suspend? In our model yes.
    ("Verify Bank Account", "Classify Risk"),  # always before classify? Yes, backbone requires all three done.
    # Also Capture before Classify.
    ("Capture Master Data", "Classify Risk"),
    ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Classify Risk"),
}

But wait, Log Skeleton's `always_before` checks that in every trace where both appear, the first is before the second. So we can include these.

always_after = {
    ("Close Onboarding", "Release First Payment"),
    ("Close Onboarding", "Reject Vendor"),
    ("Receive Clarification", "Request Clarification"),  # if both present, Receive after Request.
    # etc.
}

Actually always_after is the inverse of always_before. So we can include pairs where B is always after A.

never_together:
- ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor")
- ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval")? Not necessarily never together in a log? Actually they should never be together. So yes.
- ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval")
- ("Change Bank Details", "Reject Vendor")? Not necessarily.

activ_freq: allowed occurrence counts.
- "Receive Onboarding Request": {1}
- "Capture Master Data": {1}
- "Run Sanctions Screening": {1}
- "Verify Bank Account": {1, 2}  # can occur twice if change path (R11)
- "Classify Risk": {1}
- "Request Clarification": {0,1,2,3,...} but Log Skeleton uses sets of integers. We can put {0,1,2,3,4} or just {0,1,2,3,4,5}. Or we can leave it flexible. Actually since several cycles are possible, we can allow {0,1,2,3,4,5}. But to be defendable, maybe just don't include Request/Receive in activ_freq, or include broad ranges.
- "Receive Clarification": same.
- "Sanctions Escalation": {0,1}
- "Obtain Legal Opinion": {0,1}
- "Enhanced Due Diligence": {0,1}
- "Manager Approval": {0,1}
- "Compliance Approval": {0,1}
- "Reject Vendor": {0,1}
- "Activate Vendor": {0,1}
- "Change Bank Details": {0,1}
- "Suspend Vendor": {0,1}
- "Release First Payment": {0,1}
- "Close Onboarding": {1}  # always exactly one? Yes, ends every case.
- "Close Onboarding": {1}

directly_follows: pairs that are adjacent in all traces? Actually `directly_follows` in Log Skeleton means that whenever A is followed by B, there is no other activity in between. This is strong. Given concurrency, Capture/Sanctions/Verify don't have direct follows with each other. But Request -> Receive might be direct? Not necessarily (in T2 there are no other events between 4 and 30? Actually there are no other activities, but they are not adjacent in time? Wait directly_follows is about adjacency in the trace, not time. In T2, Request@4 is followed by Receive@30, and there are no other activities in between. So yes, they are adjacent in the event sequence. But in other traces, they might have other activities between? Actually R3 says "before the next clarification request and before any final outcome", not necessarily immediately after. So we shouldn't enforce directly_follows for Request/Receive globally, because there could be other activities in between (though in our traces there aren't). So we'll avoid putting them in directly_follows, or include only pairs that are always adjacent.

Pairs that are always adjacent? Probably none except maybe Classify -> something? No, after Classify there could be Escalation or Enhanced or Manager or Reject. So not always adjacent.

Thus, directly_follows might be empty or contain only pairs that are structurally adjacent: e.g., in the rejection path, Reject -> Close is always adjacent (no activities between). In acceptance path, Release -> Close is always adjacent. In change path, Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release -> Close are adjacent. But since these are path-dependent, they are not globally always adjacent (e.g., in T1, Activate is adjacent to Release? Actually Activate@9, Release@80, not adjacent in sequence? Wait in T1, the events are: Receive, Capture, Run, Verify, Classify, Manager, Activate, Release, Close. So Activate and Release are adjacent in the sequence (no other events between them). Yes! Because there are no other activities in the backbone between them. So in all traces that have both, they are adjacent? Let's check T2: Activate@56, Release@140. Are there other activities between? No, the trace lists only these. So yes, in the event log, they are adjacent. Similarly Release and Close are adjacent.

But wait, if Change/Suspend/Verify occur, then Activate -> Change -> Suspend -> Verify -> Release -> Close. So Activate and Release are not adjacent. Thus, directly_follows for (Activate, Release) is false globally. So we should not include it.

Given this, directly_follows should be empty or contain only pairs that are always adjacent regardless of path. For example, (Receive Onboarding Request, ...) is not adjacent because Capture, Run, Verify come after but concurrently. Actually in the trace, they are ordered by timestamp. So Receive is followed by one of them, but not the same one always. So no.

Thus, directly_follows = set() is defendable (we don't claim adjacency).

equivalence: set() (no pairs always occur together).

Thus, log_skeleton:
```python
log_skeleton = {
    "equivalence": set(),
    "always_before": {
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Capture Master Data"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Run Sanctions Screening"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Verify Bank Account"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Manager Approval"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Enhanced Due Diligence"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Sanctions Escalation"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Compliance Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"),
        ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"),
        ("Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account"),
        ("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment"),  # wait, not always if Change in between. Actually if Change occurs, Activate is not immediately before Release. So not always_before? Actually always_before just requires ordering, not adjacency. So Activate is always before Release, even if Change is in between. Yes, ordering holds. So we can include it.
        ("Release First Payment", "Close Onboarding"),
        ("Reject Vendor", "Close Onboarding"),
        ("Verify Bank Account", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Capture Master Data", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Classify Risk"),
    },
    "always_after": {
        ("Close Onboarding", "Release First Payment"),
        ("Close Onboarding", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Close Onboarding", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Receive Clarification", "Request Clarification"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Receive Onboarding Request"),
        # etc., but we don't need to list all inverses. Just some defendable ones.
    },
    "never_together": {
        ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval"),
        ("Compliance Approval", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Reject Vendor")
    },
    "activ_freq": {
        "Receive Onboarding Request": {1},
        "Capture Master Data": {1},
        "Run Sanctions Screening": {1},
        "Verify Bank Account": {1, 2},
        "Classify Risk": {1},
        "Request Clarification": {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5},
        "Receive Clarification": {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5},
        "Sanctions Escalation": {0, 1},
        "Obtain Legal Opinion": {0, 1},
        "Enhanced Due Diligence": {0, 1},
        "Manager Approval": {0, 1},
        "Compliance Approval": {0, 1},
        "Reject Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Activate Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Change Bank Details": {0, 1},
        "Suspend Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Release First Payment": {0, 1},
        "Close Onboarding": {1}
    },
    "directly_follows": set()
}
```

Wait, always_before for ("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment") is true even with Change in between? Yes, ordering is preserved. So it's defendable.

Similarly, ("Change Bank Details", "Release First Payment") is true if Change occurs.

But we don't need to list all.

Now, we need to explain overlap or disagreement with procedural and DECLARE layers, including orientation of every pair.

We'll discuss that Log Skeleton captures ordering that is implicit in ProcessTree but without branching logic; it can disagree if loops allow reversal (e.g., Request and Receive: Log Skeleton says Request before Receive, but DECLARE altresponse also enforces it).

Now, section 6: Temporal Profile.

Dictionary `temporal_profile` with keys as pairs (source, target) and values (mean_seconds, std_seconds).

We need to convert the hours from R12 to seconds. Mean and sd in hours: 48h, 24h; 12h, 6h; 72h, 36h.

So in seconds: mean = hours * 3600. sd = hours * 3600.

Thus:
("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): (48*3600, 24*3600) = (172800, 86400)
("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): (12*3600, 6*3600) = (43200, 21600)
("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment"): (72*3600, 36*3600) = (259200, 129600)

Set zeta = 2.0. We'll define it in code or text.

Need to explain why temporal deviations are warnings, not automatic violations. Because R12 says "normative enough to flag but not automatically reject". So temporal profile is used for flagging, and the layer returns "warning" rather than "fail". We'll mention that in the verdict matrix.

Now, section 7: Resource- and Data-Aware Checks.

We need executable-style Python or precise pseudocode, including segregation-of-duties rules and emergency-policy condition.

Requirements:
R9: Verify resource != approval resource. Capture resource != Activate resource.
R6: Emergency activation condition requires joint authorization outside log; log lacks attribute.

We'll provide Python functions using pandas dataframes (representing event logs).

The event log should have columns: case_id, activity, timestamp, resource.

Let's write pseudocode/Python:

```python
def check_segregation_of_duties(log_df):
    violations = []
    for case in log_df["case_id"].unique():
        case_df = log_df[log_df["case_id"] == case]
        # R9: Verify Bank Account vs applicable approval
        verify_resources = case_df.loc[case_df["activity"] == "Verify Bank Account", "resource"].unique()
        # Applicable approval depends on path
        approvals = case_df[case_df["activity"].isin(["Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"])]
        if not approvals.empty:
            approval_resources = approvals["resource"].unique()
            for v in verify_resources:
                for a in approval_resources:
                    if v == a:
                        violations.append((case, "R9-verify-approval", v))
        # Also Capture vs Activate
        capture_resources = case_df.loc[case_df["activity"] == "Capture Master Data", "resource"].unique()
        activate_resources = case_df.loc[case_df["activity"] == "Activate Vendor", "resource"].unique()
        for c in capture_resources:
            for a in activate_resources:
                if c == a:
                    violations.append((case, "R9-capture-activate", c))
    return violations

def check_emergency_policy(log_df):
    # R5/R6 conflict resolution
    # If Sanctions Escalation occurs:
    #   - If no "emergency_authorized" attribute present: assume strict policy (R5 applies)
    #   - Check if Obtain Legal Opinion occurs before Activate Vendor
    #   - If Activate occurs before Opinion: check if "emergency" flag is True and joint auth present (missing -> fail/policy-dependent)
    violations = []
    for case in log_df["case_id"].unique():
        case_df = log_df[log_df["case_id"] == case].sort_values("timestamp")
        if "Sanctions Escalation" in case_df["activity"].values:
            escalate_time = case_df.loc[case_df["activity"] == "Sanctions Escalation", "timestamp"].values[0]
            # Check R4: Opinion eventually occurs
            opinion_rows = case_df[case_df["activity"] == "Obtain Legal Opinion"]
            activate_rows = case_df[case_df["activity"] == "Activate Vendor"]
            
            # R5 strict check
            if not opinion_rows.empty and not activate_rows.empty:
                opinion_time = opinion_rows["timestamp"].values[0]
                activate_time = activate_rows["timestamp"].values[0]
                if activate_time < opinion_time:
                    # Potential emergency
                    # Check for emergency attribute
                    emergency_attr = case_df.get("emergency_authorized")  # missing in log
                    if "emergency_authorized" not in log_df.columns or not case_df.get("emergency_authorized").any():
                        violations.append((case, "R5/R6-conflict", "Emergency activation not authorized in log; R5 violated"))
                    elif not case_df.get("joint_authorization").any():
                        violations.append((case, "R6", "Joint authorization missing"))
                    else:
                        # Check 24h window
                        delta = opinion_time - activate_time
                        if delta > 24*3600:
                            violations.append((case, "R6-time", f"Opinion {delta/3600}h after activation, exceeds 24h"))
    return violations
```

We need to specify required event attributes and what to do when missing. So we'll mention that `resource` is required for R9, and `emergency_authorized` / `joint_authorization` are required for R6 resolution, and if missing, we apply conservative default (R5 strict).

We'll also mention using `pm4py.filter_four_eyes_principle` for R9? Actually `filter_four_eyes_principle` checks that two activities are done by different resources. So we can use it for both pairs.

Let's include that.

```python
import pm4py
# For R9 first pair
filtered_log = pm4py.filter_four_eyes_principle(log, "Verify Bank Account", "Manager Approval")
# But this filters cases, not checks violations. Actually conformance is different.
# We'll implement manual check as above.
```

Given the instructions say "You may use dataframe operations and, where suitable, pm4py.filter_four_eyes_principle(...).", so including it is good.

Now, section 8: Test-Case Verdict Matrix.

We need a table for T1-T8 with columns: Test, Procedural, DECLARE, Log Skeleton, Temporal, Resource/data layer, Overall verdict, Explanation.

We need to evaluate each layer.

Let's go case by case.

T1:
- Procedural: pass (follows backbone, clarification loop skipped, low-risk path, change path skipped).
- DECLARE: pass (all rules satisfied: no reject/activate together, response rules vacuously satisfied, precedence satisfied, absence2 satisfied (each once), noncoexistence satisfied).
- Log Skeleton: pass (all ordering and frequency correct).
- Temporal: check pairs. Request/Receive not present. Escalation/Opinion not present. Activate (9) -> Release (80): 71h. Mean 72, sd 36, range [0,144]. Pass (within bounds). Actually 71 is within mean ± 2*sd = [0,144]. So pass.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) vs Manager Approval (Elena): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. No emergency. Pass.
- Overall: pass.

T2:
- Procedural: pass? Let's check. It has Request and Receive, then Classify, Enhanced, Compliance, Activate, Release, Close. The procedural model includes the loop: XOR(skip, LOOP(SEQ(Request,Receive),skip)). In this trace, Request then Receive, then Classify. That fits the loop path (one iteration, then exit). Good. High-risk path: Enhanced then Compliance. Good. No change. So pass.
- DECLARE: pass. Response Request->Receive satisfied. Altresponse: no other Request in between. Yes. Precedence rules satisfied. Noncoexistence satisfied. Absence2 satisfied.
- Log Skeleton: pass.
- Temporal: Request (4) -> Receive (30): 26h. Range [0,96]. Pass. Escalation not present. Activate (56) -> Release (140): 84h. Range [0,144]. Pass.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) vs Compliance Approval (Ivo): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. Pass.
- Overall: pass.

T3:
- Procedural: pass. Rejected path: Reject then Close. No approval. Good.
- DECLARE: Need to check absence2 for approvals? They are absent, which is okay (absence2 allows 0 or 1). Noncoexistence with Reject is satisfied (no approvals present). Response rules vacuously true. Pass.
- Log Skeleton: pass. Frequencies correct. Ordering correct.
- Temporal: no pairs present? Actually Activate and Release absent. So not evaluated.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) vs applicable approval? None. Capture (Ana) vs Activate? None. So not evaluated or pass vacuously. We'll say pass (vacuous satisfaction).
- Overall: pass.

T4:
- Procedural: pass structurally? Let's see: Receive, Capture, Run, Verify, Classify, Manager Approval, Activate, Release, Close. This fits the low-risk path. The procedural model doesn't check resources. So procedural: pass.
- DECLARE: Noncoexistence rules satisfied (only Manager present, no Compliance, no Reject). Response rules vacuous. So pass.
- Log Skeleton: Ordering correct. Frequencies correct. Pass.
- Temporal: Activate (9) -> Release (70): 61h. Range [0,144]. Pass.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) == Manager Approval (Cora). R9 violation! So fail.
- Overall: fail (resource/data layer).

T5:
- Procedural: fail. Because Request Clarification occurs at 4, but Receive Clarification never occurs, and then Classify, etc. The procedural loop requires either skip (no Request) or loop (Request then Receive). Here we have Request without Receive, so it doesn't fit either branch. So procedural: fail.
- DECLARE: Response(Request, Receive) violated (no Receive). Altresponse violated. So fail.
- Log Skeleton: always_before (Request, Receive) violated? Actually if Request occurs and Receive doesn't, then the pair (Request, Receive) is not both present, so always_before might not be violated (it only applies if both occur). But never_together? Not relevant. However, we might have a constraint that Request implies Receive? Log Skeleton doesn't have implication. So Log Skeleton might pass? Wait, but we don't have an implication constraint. So Log Skeleton: pass? Or not evaluated? Actually the Log Skeleton doesn't enforce response. So it might pass. But the trace violates R3. So Log Skeleton shouldn't catch it. We'll say "not evaluated" or "pass" but note limitation.
Actually, to be precise: Log Skeleton checks constraints on pairs. Since Receive is absent, the pair (Request, Receive) is not present in both directions, so always_before is not triggered. Thus Log Skeleton does not detect the missing Receive. So Log Skeleton: pass (but blind spot noted).
- Temporal: Request (4) -> Receive (absent). Not evaluated? Or we can say not evaluated for that pair. Activate->Release: 71h, pass.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) vs Manager (Elena): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. No emergency. Pass.
- Overall: fail (procedural and DECLARE).

T6:
- Procedural: Let's see. The trace includes Sanctions Escalation and Obtain Legal Opinion, which are not in the procedural model. So if we replay with procedural model, these are unexpected activities. Depending on replay rules, this might be a fail (if model doesn't allow them). We'll say procedural: fail (unexpected activities not in backbone) or "not evaluated" if we allow them? Given the backbone excludes them, conformance replay will flag them. So procedural: fail (unexpected Escalation/Opinion).
But wait, we could say "not evaluated" because these are cross-cutting and excluded. However, the task asks for evaluation. Given our model deliberately excludes them, we should note that the procedural layer doesn't cover them, but since they appear, it's a deviation from the backbone. So "fail" or "policy-dependent". Let's say "fail" for structural coverage, but explain that it's expected because the backbone excludes them.
Actually, the instructions say "Use only these cell values where applicable: pass, fail, warning, not evaluated, or policy-dependent." So for procedural, since the model doesn't include these activities, it's a limitation. We can put "not evaluated" with explanation. Or "fail" because the trace contains activities outside the model. I think "not evaluated" is more honest: the procedural backbone is not designed to cover escalation. But the replay algorithm might still fail. To avoid ambiguity, I'll say "not evaluated (activities outside backbone scope)".
But actually, let's check other layers.

- DECLARE: Let's check rules.
Response Escalation->Opinion: Escalation at 6, Opinion at 23. Yes, eventually.
Precedence Screening->Escalation: Screening at 2, Escalation at 6. Yes.
Noncoexistence: Manager/Compliance? Only Compliance present (via Enhanced/Compliance path). No Reject, no Manager. Good.
Absence2: Activate once at 13, Release once at 90, Reject absent. Good.
But R5: Opinion (23) should precede Activate (13). Here Activate is before Opinion. Our DECLARE doesn't include R5 (omitted due to global conditional issue). So DECLARE doesn't catch this. So DECLARE: pass (within its rules).
However, we have response and precedence for other rules. So DECLARE: pass.

- Log Skeleton: Always_before for Escalation before Opinion? We didn't include that specifically, but we have always_before for Run before Escalation. Let's check frequencies: Verify occurs once, Capture once, etc. Change absent. So Log Skeleton: pass (within included constraints).

- Temporal: Escalation (6) -> Opinion (23): 17h. Mean 12, sd 6, range [0,24]. 17 is within [0,24]. So pass. Request/Receive absent. Activate (13) -> Release (90): 77h. Mean 72, sd 36, range [0,144]. Pass. So temporal: pass (no deviation beyond 2 sigma).

- Resource/data layer: Here is the conflict.
R5 strict: Opinion must precede Activate. Here Activate at 13, Opinion at 23. So R5 violated.
R6 emergency: Activation occurs before Opinion. The trace has no "emergency" attribute or joint authorization. Under our chosen resolution (strict R5, conservative default), this is a fail. Under alternative resolution (allow emergency if authorized), since authorization is missing, it's "policy-dependent" (cannot verify). So we'll show both.
Also check R9: Verify (Cora) vs Compliance Approval (Ivo): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. Good.
So Resource/data: Under Resolution A (R5 strict): fail. Under Resolution B (R6 emergency allowed with proof): policy-dependent (missing authorization).

Thus, for T6, Overall verdict: Under Resolution A: fail. Under Resolution B: policy-dependent (temporal and resource checks depend on missing data).

We need to show how verdict changes under both resolutions. So in the table, for Resource/data layer, we can put "fail / policy-dependent" and explain.

T7:
- Procedural: Not evaluated? Or pass? The trace includes Escalation and Opinion, which are outside backbone, but also includes Enhanced, Compliance, Activate, etc. Similar to T6. We'll say "not evaluated (cross-cutting activities outside backbone)". Or we can say "pass" for the backbone part. Let's say "not evaluated" for consistency with T6, but the backbone path (high-risk) is correct.
- DECLARE: Response Escalation->Opinion: yes (6->40). Precedence Screening->Escalation: yes. Noncoexistence: only Compliance and Enhanced, no Manager, no Reject. Good. Absence2: all good. So DECLARE: pass.
- Log Skeleton: Pass.
- Temporal: Escalation (6) -> Opinion (40): 34h. Mean 12, sd 6, range [0,24]. 34 > 24, so deviation > 2. So warning (not fail). Request/Receive absent. Activate (43) -> Release (45): 2h. Mean 72, range [0,144]. This is far below mean but within range (0 to 144). Actually 2h is within [0,144], so no warning? Wait, zeta=2, so lower bound is 72 - 72 = 0. So 2h is within range. So no warning for that pair. But the escalation-opinion pair is 34h > 24, so warning. So Temporal: warning.
- Resource/data: R5: Opinion (40) precedes Activate (43). Yes! So R5 satisfied. R4 satisfied. R9: Verify (Cora) vs Compliance (Ivo): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. No emergency needed since R5 satisfied. So resource/data: pass.
- Overall: pass with warning (temporal).

T8:
- Procedural: The trace has Manager Approval, Activate, then Reject, then Close. Our procedural model has XOR after Classify: either Reject->Close or Acceptance path (which includes Activate then Release then Close). Here we have both paths merged: Activate (from acceptance) and then Reject (from rejection). This violates the XOR structure. So procedural: fail.
- DECLARE: Noncoexistence (Reject, Activate): both present! So fail. Noncoexistence (Manager, Reject): both present! So fail. Absence2: Activate present once, Reject present once, but both present in same case violates noncoexistence, but absence2 allows each at most once (they are each present once). So absence2 passes. But overall DECLARE: fail.
- Log Skeleton: never_together for (Reject, Activate) violated. Also (Manager, Reject) violated if included. So fail.
- Temporal: Not evaluated? Or we can check Activate (9) -> Release? No Release present. So only some pairs absent.
- Resource/data: Verify (Cora) vs Manager (Elena): different. Capture (Ana) vs Activate (Faris): different. But R1 and R2 violated. So resource/data might not be evaluated for those, but we can say fail due to contradiction? Actually resource layer checks segregation, not outcome contradiction. So resource/data: pass (resource rules satisfied). But overall fail.
- Overall: fail.

Now, we need to format the table correctly.

Also, the instructions say: "A trace may pass one layer and fail another. Identify the earliest decisive violation and explain any later violations."

So in Explanation column, we'll do that. For T4: earliest decisive is resource/data layer (R9). For T5: earliest is procedural (loop structure) and DECLARE (response). For T6: earliest is resource/data layer (R5/R6 conflict). For T8: earliest is procedural (XOR violation) or DECLARE (noncoexistence).

Now, section 9: Contradictions, Redundancies, and Blind Spots.

We need to discuss:
- Duplicated enforcement: R1 in procedural (XOR), DECLARE (noncoexistence), Log Skeleton (never_together). That's redundant.
- Constraints inconsistent under loops: R3 with clarification loops. If Request occurs, Receive must occur. In our loop, it's enforced. But if there are other activities between, our Log Skeleton always_before might fail if they are not ordered that way? Actually always_before just requires ordering, not adjacency.
- Vacuity in declarative rules: For cases without Escalation, response(Escalation, Opinion) is vacuously true. Same for Request/Receive in T1.
- Missing case attributes: Emergency authorization missing, so R6 can't be verified.
- Timestamp-only limitations: Temporal profile uses only timestamps, not resource or data conditions.
- Risk of treating support/confidence as normative truth: We set support=1.0, confidence high, but these are design choices, not empirical.

Now, section 10: Deployment Recommendation.

Order of conformance checks:
1. Procedural backbone (fast structural check).
2. Log Skeleton (fast ordering/frequency check).
3. DECLARE (constraint checking).
4. Temporal profile (warning generation).
5. Resource/data layer (final authoritative check for SoD and policy conflicts).

Contradictory findings: Surface both. For R5/R6, present both resolutions to user.

Canonical procedural representation: The ProcessTree described.
Authoritative policy layer: Resource/data-aware layer for R5/R6 and R9; procedural for backbone.
How to surface contradictions: Show layered verdicts in a dashboard; flag policy-dependent cases for manual review.

Now, let's structure the answer with exactly the 10 headings.

We need to ensure all code is correct and named correctly.

Let's write the procedural code precisely.

One issue: In PM4Py, `ProcessTree` with `label="skip"` might not be recognized as silent by replay. Actually silent transitions are usually represented with label `None` or empty? Let's check mental model: In `pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj`, there is a `ProcessTree` class. The `label` is a string. For silent, it's common to use `"skip"` or `"invisible"`. The replay algorithm might treat them specially? Actually in process tree replay, silent nodes are those with `label` not present? I'm not 100% sure. But for the purpose of this answer, using `label="skip"` is acceptable, and I'll mention that these are silent/invisible transitions.

Alternatively, I can avoid silent nodes by restructuring: Instead of XOR(skip, LOOP(...)), I could have the loop be optional by using XOR with SEQ? No, we need silent. So we'll keep "skip" and explain.

Also, for the procedural model code, I need to assign it to `procedural_model`.

Let's write the code block.

One more check: The ProcessTree should have `parent` references? Actually when constructing manually, parents are set automatically? Or not? In PM4Py, it's okay if parents are None initially; they are often set during construction or left. For self-contained code, we can just build the tree with children lists.

Actually, in PM4Py, `ProcessTree` takes `operator`, `parent`, `children`, `label`. If we don't set parent, it's okay for display but replay might need it. However, the task just asks for self-contained code assigning the model. So it's fine.

Let's write the code carefully.

Now, for the DECLARE dictionary, we need to ensure the format matches what `pm4py.conformance_declare` expects.

In PM4Py, the declare model is typically:
```python
{
    'response': {
        ('A', 'B'): {'support': 1.0, 'confidence': 0.9}
    },
    ...
}
```

Yes.

Now, for the Log Skeleton, the keys are correct.

Let's finalize the answer.

Given the length, I need to be concise but cover everything.

I'll now write the Markdown document.
</think>
# 1. Policy Interpretation and Conflict Resolution

**Material assumptions**
- The “stable procedural backbone” defines the canonical control-flow; cross-cutting rules (R3–R12) are layered on top.
- Activity-only formalisms (ProcessTree, DECLARE, Log Skeleton) cannot see resources or case-level data attributes.
- R5 and R6 present a direct conflict: R5 mandates that `Obtain Legal Opinion` precede `Activate Vendor` whenever `Sanctions Escalation` occurs; R6 permits an emergency activation before the opinion if jointly authorized outside the log, with the opinion then arriving within 24 hours.
- The event log contains no `emergency` flag and no `joint_authorization` field.

**Two resolutions of the R5/R6 conflict**

1. **Strict R5 (chosen for the implemented model).** Because the log lacks the authorization evidence required by R6, any activation that occurs before `Obtain Legal Opinion` is treated as a violation of R5. The emergency exception is not claimable without proof.
   - *Compliance risk:* Conservative; may reject legitimate emergency cases that were actually authorized but poorly recorded. Risk of false-positive rejections.
2. **Conditional R6 (alternative).** If an `emergency_authorized` case attribute were present and `True`, and a `joint_authorization` record exists, then activation before opinion is permitted provided the opinion arrives within 24 h. Without those attributes, fall back to R5.
   - *Compliance risk:* More permissive, but relies on data that are absent from the visible traces; without them the check collapses back to the strict interpretation anyway.

**Choice implemented:** Resolution 1 (strict R5, conservative default). The resource/data layer applies R5 unconditionally when `Sanctions Escalation` is present; R6 is noted as “policy-dependent / missing-attribute” and never used to excuse a violation in these logs.

---

# 2. Requirement-to-Formalism Mapping

| Requirement | Primary formalism | Exact encoding | Why this formalism | Redundancy or limitation |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| R1 | Procedural (XOR) | Rejection branch and acceptance branch are mutually exclusive after `Classify Risk`; `Activate Vendor` only in acceptance. | Block-structured exclusion is authoritative. | DECLARE `noncoexistence` and Log Skeleton `never_together` duplicate it; they catch trace-level violations but do not enforce the branching logic. |
| R1 | DECLARE | `"noncoexistence": {("Reject Vendor","Activate Vendor"): ...}` | Symmetric exclusion (both orders forbidden). | Cannot express “exactly one of two outcomes” alone. |
| R1 | Log Skeleton | `never_together`: `{("Reject Vendor","Activate Vendor")}` | Simple pair exclusion in observed traces. | Only applies when both appear; does not prevent omission errors. |
| R2 | Procedural (XOR) | Acceptance path: `XOR(SEQ(EDD,CompApp), ManagerApp)`; rejection path has neither. | Positive enforcement of “exactly one approval in accepted, none in rejected.” | DECLARE cannot globally enforce “exactly one of A/B in some cases but neither in others” without conditioning. |
| R2 | DECLARE | `"noncoexistence"` for `(Mgr,Comp)`, `(Mgr,Reject)`, `(Comp,Reject)` | Prevents wrong pairwise co-occurrences globally. | Does not positively require an approval in accepted cases; vacuously satisfied if all three are absent (not allowed by backbone). |
| R3 | DECLARE | `"response"` and `"altresponse"` on `("Request Clarification","Receive Clarification")` | `altresponse` enforces eventual response with no second `Request` in between. | Procedural loop approximates adjacency; Log Skeleton lacks implication (if Request absent, constraint is moot; if Receive absent, pair not present so `always_before` is silent). |
| R4 | DECLARE | `"response": {("Sanctions Escalation","Obtain Legal Opinion"): ...}` | Standard eventual-response template. | Log Skeleton `always_after` only checks ordering when both exist; does not force existence. |
| R5 | Resource/data layer | Custom case-level check: if `Sanctions Escalation` present then `Obtain Legal Opinion` timestamp < `Activate Vendor` timestamp. | DECLARE `precedence` is global and would wrongly reject normal cases (T1, T2) where opinion never occurs. | Procedural backbone excludes escalation/opinion entirely; must rely on external check. |
| R6 | Resource/data layer | Check `case_df.get("emergency_authorized")` and `joint_authorization`; if missing, apply conservative R5; if present and `True`, allow `Activate` before `Opinion` only if `Opinion - Activate  24h`. | The log has no such attribute; only an external check can express the conditional authorization. | Without the attribute, the layer reports `policy-dependent` rather than `pass`. |
| R7 | DECLARE | `"precedence": {("Run Sanctions Screening","Sanctions Escalation"): ...}` | `precedence(A,B)`: if B occurs, A occurs before. | Procedural backbone excludes escalation; this is the authoritative cross-layer check. |
| R8 | Procedural (XOR) | High-risk and low-risk paths are in `XOR`; `EDD` and `Mgr` never share a branch. | Structural exclusion. | DECLARE `noncoexistence` duplicates: `(EDD,Mgr)` and `(CompApp,Mgr)`. |
| R8 | DECLARE | `"noncoexistence"` for `(EDD,Mngr)` and `(CompApp,Mngr)` | Captures co-occurrence violations in any trace. | Global; satisfied vacuously when both are absent. |
| R9 | Resource/data layer | `pm4py.filter_four_eyes_principle(...)` or DataFrame `groupby(case)[resource]` comparison. | Activity-only formalisms have no resource dimension. | Must be executed on logs with `resource` column; if column missing, check returns `not evaluated`. |
| R10 | Log Skeleton | `activ_freq`: counts in `{0,1}` for `Activate`, `Reject`, `Release`. | Direct frequency control. | DECLARE `"absence2"` provides redundant at-most-one enforcement; procedural backbone enforces it structurally (single leaf nodes). |
| R10 | DECLARE | `"absence2"` on `Activate Vendor`, `Reject Vendor`, `Release First Payment` | Unary at-most-one templates. | Does not distinguish “must occur once” from “at most once”; backbone provides the positive side. |
| R11 | Procedural | After `Activate`: `XOR(skip, SEQ(Change,Suspend,Verify))` then `Release`. | Structural placement: change loop must occur before first release. | R10 (`Release` at most once) makes “later Release” moot unless change occurs before release; the tree enforces that ordering. |
| R11 | DECLARE | `"response": {("Change Bank Details","Suspend Vendor"): ...}` | Forces suspension after change. | Conditional “another Verify before Release” requires case-level comparison; handled in resource/data check. |
| R12 | Temporal profile | `("ReqClar","RecClar")`: (172800, 86400); `("SanctEsc","LegOp")`: (43200, 21600); `("ActVend","RelPay")`: (259200, 129600) | Only layer that expresses mean/std with `zeta=2.0`. | Not a control-flow violation; returns `warning` when `|t - | > z·`. |

---

# 3. Procedural Backbone

**1. Compact formal description**

```
SEQ(
  Receive Onboarding Request
  PAR(Capture Master Data, Run Sanctions Screening, Verify Bank Account)
  XOR(skip, LOOP(SEQ(Request Clarification, Receive Clarification), skip))
  Classify Risk
  XOR(
    SEQ(Reject Vendor, Close Onboarding)
    SEQ(
      XOR(
        SEQ(Enhanced Due Diligence, Compliance Approval)
        Manager Approval
      )
      Activate Vendor
      XOR(skip, SEQ(Change Bank Details, Suspend Vendor, Verify Bank Account))
      Release First Payment
      Close Onboarding
    )
  )
)
```

- `PAR` allows the three checks in any order/interleaving.
- The clarification loop is optional (`XOR` with `skip`) and, once entered, forces at least one `Request  Receive` pair; repetition is allowed via the `LOOP`.
- Risk classification splits into rejection (terminal `Close`) or acceptance via `XOR` of high-risk (`EDD  Compliance Approval`) and low-risk (`Manager Approval`).
- Post-activation: an optional change path (`Change  Suspend  Verify`) must occur before `Release First Payment`; `Close` terminates both acceptance paths.
- `Sanctions Escalation` and `Obtain Legal Opinion` are **deliberately excluded** from the backbone; they are enforced in DECLARE and the resource/data layer.

**2. PM4Py code**

```python
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator

def leaf(label):
    return ProcessTree(label=label)

procedural_model = ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
    leaf("Receive Onboarding Request"),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.PARALLEL, children=[
        leaf("Capture Master Data"),
        leaf("Run Sanctions Screening"),
        leaf("Verify Bank Account")
    ]),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
        leaf("skip"),   # silent: no clarification
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.LOOP, children=[
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                leaf("Request Clarification"),
                leaf("Receive Clarification")
            ]),
            leaf("skip")  # silent loop-back
        ])
    ]),
    leaf("Classify Risk"),
    ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
            leaf("Reject Vendor"),
            leaf("Close Onboarding")
        ]),
        ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
                ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                    leaf("Enhanced Due Diligence"),
                    leaf("Compliance Approval")
                ]),
                leaf("Manager Approval")
            ]),
            leaf("Activate Vendor"),
            ProcessTree(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[
                leaf("skip"),  # direct to release
                ProcessTree(operator=Operator.SEQUENCE, children=[
                    leaf("Change Bank Details"),
                    leaf("Suspend Vendor"),
                    leaf("Verify Bank Account")
                ])
            ]),
            leaf("Release First Payment"),
            leaf("Close Onboarding")
        ])
    ])
])
```

**3. Explanation of key features**

- **Concurrency:** `PAR` for the three initial checks.
- **Clarification loops:** Approximated with an outer `XOR` (enter loop or skip) and an inner `LOOP` that allows 1, 2, … `Request  Receive` cycles. The approximation forces adjacency of `Request` and `Receive` within each cycle; interleaving with other backbone activities inside the cycle is disallowed (disclosed limitation).
- **Terminal outcomes:** `Reject Vendor  Close Onboarding` vs. acceptance path ending in `Release First Payment  Close Onboarding`.
- **Post-activation behavior:** The optional `Change  Suspend  Verify` sequence is included before `Release`, approximating R11. It does not model a second `Release` (R10 forbids it).
- **Excluded:** `Sanctions Escalation` and `Obtain Legal Opinion` are outside the backbone and are covered by DECLARE/resource checks.

---

# 4. DECLARE Model

```python
declare_model = {
    "response": {
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "altresponse": {
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "precedence": {
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.99},
        ("Capture Master Data", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95},
        ("Verify Bank Account", "Classify Risk"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.95}
    },
    "noncoexistence": {
        ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        ("Compliance Approval", "Reject Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98},
        ("Manager Approval", "Reject Vendor"): {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 0.98}
    },
    "absence2": {
        "Activate Vendor": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        "Reject Vendor": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0},
        "Release First Payment": {"support": 1.0, "confidence": 1.0}
    }
}
```

**Rule explanation table**

| Template | Key (source, target) or activity | Semantics | Why this choice |
|---|---|---|---|
| `response` | `(ReqClar, RecClar)` | If `ReqClar` occurs, `RecClar` eventually follows. | Basic eventual-response for R3. |
| `altresponse` | `(ReqClar, RecClar)` | `RecClar` eventually follows `ReqClar` with **no other `ReqClar`** in between. | Captures “before the next clarification request” (R3). Not `chainresponse` because `RecClar` need not be immediately adjacent (other backbone activities may sit between them in principle). |
| `precedence` | `(RunSanct, SanctEsc)` | If `Esc` occurs, `Screening` is before it. | R7: escalation only after screening. |
| `precedence` | `(Verify, Classify)` etc. | If `Classify` occurs, all three checks precede it. | Backbone ordering; redundant with tree but useful for traces with missing nodes. |
| `noncoexistence` | `(Reject, Activate)` etc. | The two activities never co-occur in either order. | R1 (both directions) and R8 (pairwise exclusions). `nonsuccession` would only cover one ordering; `noncoexistence` is correct here. |
| `absence2` | `Activate Vendor` etc. | At most one occurrence. | R10 frequency cap. Unary key format required. |

**Not encoded:** R5 (`precedence` of `Legal Opinion` before `Activate` is **omitted**) because a global `precedence(Opinion, Activate)` would reject normal low-risk traces (T1, T2, T3) where `Opinion` never occurs. R6 is omitted because it depends on missing case attributes.

---

# 5. Log-Skeleton Model

```python
log_skeleton = {
    "equivalence": set(),
    "always_before": {
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Capture Master Data"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Run Sanctions Screening"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Verify Bank Account"),
        ("Receive Onboarding Request", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Manager Approval"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Enhanced Due Diligence"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Sanctions Escalation"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Compliance Approval", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Sanctions Escalation"),
        ("Change Bank Details", "Suspend Vendor"),
        ("Suspend Vendor", "Verify Bank Account"),
        ("Capture Master Data", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Run Sanctions Screening", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Verify Bank Account", "Classify Risk"),
        ("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment"),
        ("Release First Payment", "Close Onboarding"),
        ("Reject Vendor", "Close Onboarding")
    },
    "always_after": {
        ("Close Onboarding", "Release First Payment"),
        ("Close Onboarding", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Close Onboarding", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Receive Clarification", "Request Clarification"),
        ("Classify Risk", "Receive Onboarding Request")
    },
    "never_together": {
        ("Reject Vendor", "Activate Vendor"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"),
        ("Enhanced Due Diligence", "Manager Approval"),
        ("Compliance Approval", "Reject Vendor"),
        ("Manager Approval", "Reject Vendor")
    },
    "activ_freq": {
        "Receive Onboarding Request": {1},
        "Capture Master Data": {1},
        "Run Sanctions Screening": {1},
        "Verify Bank Account": {1, 2},
        "Classify Risk": {1},
        "Request Clarification": {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5},
        "Receive Clarification": {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5},
        "Sanctions Escalation": {0, 1},
        "Obtain Legal Opinion": {0, 1},
        "Enhanced Due Diligence": {0, 1},
        "Manager Approval": {0, 1},
        "Compliance Approval": {0, 1},
        "Reject Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Activate Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Change Bank Details": {0, 1},
        "Suspend Vendor": {0, 1},
        "Release First Payment": {0, 1},
        "Close Onboarding": {1}
    },
    "directly_follows": set()
}
```

**Overlap / disagreement with other layers**
- `always_before` duplicates procedural precedence but is weaker: it checks ordering only when both activities appear, whereas the tree forbids missing predecessors.
- `never_together` aligns with DECLARE `noncoexistence` and the procedural `XOR`.
- `directly_follows` is empty: the backbone allows concurrent checks and optional loops, so adjacency is path-dependent and not globally defendable.
- `activ_freq` for `Verify Bank Account` allows `{1,2}` because R11 permits a second verification after `Change Bank Details`; the procedural tree includes exactly that path.

---

# 6. Temporal Profile

```python
temporal_profile = {
    ("Request Clarification", "Receive Clarification"): (48 * 3600, 24 * 3600),
    ("Sanctions Escalation", "Obtain Legal Opinion"): (12 * 3600, 6 * 3600),
    ("Activate Vendor", "Release First Payment"): (72 * 3600, 36 * 3600)
}
zeta = 2.0
```

**Why warnings, not automatic violations:** R12 states these profiles are “normative enough to flag but not automatically reject a case.” Therefore `pm4py.conformance_temporal_profile` is configured to return `warning` (not `fail`) when `|t - | > z·`. The procedural, DECLARE, and resource layers remain authoritative for accept/reject decisions.

---

# 7. Resource- and Data-Aware Checks

```python
import pandas as pd

def check_segregation_r9(log_df):
    """
    R9: Verify Bank Account resource != applicable approval resource;
         Capture Master Data resource != Activate Vendor resource.
    Required columns: case_id, activity, resource.
    If 'resource' column is missing: return [('MISSING_ATTR', 'resource column absent')].
    """
    violations = []
    if "resource" not in log_df.columns:
        return [("MISSING_ATTR", "resource column absent")]
    for case, grp in log_df.groupby("case_id"):
        # Applicable approval in this case
        approvals = grp[grp["activity"].isin(["Manager Approval", "Compliance Approval"])]
        verifies = grp[grp["activity"] == "Verify Bank Account"]
        for _, v in verifies.iterrows():
            for _, a in approvals.iterrows():
                if v["resource"] == a["resource"]:
                    violations.append((case, "R9-verify-approval", v["resource"]))
        captures = grp[grp["activity"] == "Capture Master Data"]
        activates = grp[grp["activity"] == "Activate Vendor"]
        for _, c in captures.iterrows():
            for _, a in activates.iterrows():
                if c["resource"] == a["resource"]:
                    violations.append((case, "R9-capture-activate", c["resource"]))
    return violations

def check_emergency_and_r5_r6(log_df, resolution="strict_r5"):
    """
    R4, R5, R6 combined check.
    Required columns: case_id, activity, timestamp.
    Optional case-level attributes: emergency_authorized, joint_authorization.
    If missing: apply resolution="strict_r5" (chosen policy).
    """
    violations = []
    if "timestamp" not in log_df.columns or "activity" not in log_df.columns:
        return [("MISSING_ATTR", "timestamp or activity missing")]
    # Check for emergency attribute presence globally (simplified per-case check below)
    has_emergency_col = "emergency_authorized" in log_df.columns
    has_joint_col = "joint_authorization" in log_df.columns

    for case, grp in log_df.groupby("case_id"):
        grp = grp.sort_values("timestamp")
        if "Sanctions Escalation" not in grp["activity"].values:
            continue  # R4/R5/R6 only apply when escalation occurs

        # R4: Opinion eventually occurs
        opinion_rows = grp[grp["activity"] == "Obtain Legal Opinion"]
        if opinion_rows.empty:
            violations.append((case, "R4", "Opinion missing after escalation"))
            continue  # if R4 fails, R5 comparison is moot

        opinion_time = opinion_rows["timestamp"].values[0]

        # R6 time window check (only meaningful if emergency is claimed)
        escalate_time = grp[grp["activity"] == "Sanctions Escalation"]["timestamp"].values[0]
        # Note: within 24h is checked relative to activation, not escalation, per R6 text
        # "opinion must then arrive within 24 hours" (after emergency activation)

        activate_rows = grp[grp["activity"] == "Activate Vendor"]
        if not activate_rows.empty:
            activate_time = activate_rows["timestamp"].values[0]
            delta_hours = (opinion_time - activate_time) / 3600.0

            if activate_time < opinion_time:
                # Potential emergency: activate before opinion
                if resolution == "strict_r5":
                    violations.append((case, "R5/R6-strict",
                                      f"Activate at {activate_time} before Opinion at {opinion_time}; emergency not provable"))
                elif resolution == "conditional_r6":
                    case_attrs = grp.drop_duplicates("case_id")  # simplified; real check uses case-level metadata
                    emerg = case_attrs.get("emergency_authorized").any() if has_emergency_col else False
                    joint = case_attrs.get("joint_authorization").any() if has_joint_col else False
                    if not (emerg and joint):
                        violations.append((case, "R6-missing-proof",
                                          "Emergency authorization missing; falling back to R5"))
                    elif delta_hours > 24:
                        violations.append((case, "R6-time-violation",
                                          f"Opinion {delta_hours:.1f}h after activation (>24h)"))
                    # else: permitted under R6
            else:
                # Normal R5: opinion before activation
                pass  # satisfied

    return violations
```

**Required attributes and missing-attribute behavior**
- `resource`: required for R9. If missing, `check_segregation_r9` returns a `MISSING_ATTR` entry and does not evaluate SoD.
- `emergency_authorized` / `joint_authorization`: required for Resolution 2 (R6). If absent, Resolution 1 (strict R5) is applied automatically; the check reports `R5/R6-strict` rather than a false `pass`.

---

# 8. Test-Case Verdict Matrix

| Test | Procedural | DECLARE | Log Skeleton | Temporal | Resource/data layer | Overall verdict | Explanation |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| T1 | pass | pass | pass | pass | pass | **pass** | All layers satisfied; temporal `ActRel` = 71h within [0,144]. |
| T2 | pass | pass | pass | pass | pass | **pass** | Clarification loop fits; `ReqRec` = 26h within [0,96]; `ActRel` = 84h within [0,144]. |
| T3 | pass | pass | pass | not evaluated | pass (vacuous) | **pass** | Rejected path correct; no approvals; resources vacuously satisfy R9 (no approval). |
| T4 | pass | pass | pass | pass | **fail** | **fail** | Earliest decisive violation: R9 (`Cora` verifies and approves). Procedural/DECLARE/Log Skeleton do not see resources. Temporal fine (61h). |
| T5 | **fail** | **fail** | pass (blind) | pass | pass | **fail** | Earliest: procedural loop requires `Receive`; DECLARE `response`/`altresponse` violated. Log Skeleton misses missing `Receive` (pair absent). Resource rules satisfied. |
| T6 | not evaluated (outside backbone scope) | pass | pass | pass | **fail / policy-dependent** | **fail (Resolution A)** / **policy-dependent (Resolution B)** | Backbone excludes escalation/opinion. DECLARE `response(EscOp)` satisfied (623). Temporal `EscOp` = 17h within [0,24]; `ActRel` fine. Resource: Resolution A (strict R5)  `fail` (`Activate` at 13 before `Opinion` at 23, no emergency proof). Resolution B  `policy-dependent` (missing `emergency_authorized`). R9 satisfied (`Cora` vs `Ivo`; `Ana` vs `Faris`). |
| T7 | not evaluated (outside backbone scope) | pass | pass | **warning** | pass | **pass with warning** | `EscOp` = 34h; mean 12, sd 6, z· = 12  34 > 24  temporal warning. R5 satisfied (`Op` at 40 before `Act` at 43). No emergency needed. Resources fine. |
| T8 | **fail** | **fail** | **fail** | not evaluated | pass | **fail** | Earliest: procedural `XOR` broken (`Reject` and `Activate` both present, with `Manager` also present). DECLARE `noncoexistence` violated for `(Reject,Activate)` and `(Mgr,Reject)`. Log Skeleton `never_together` violated. Resource rules satisfied (`Cora`  `Elena`; `Ana`  `Faris`). |

---

# 9. Contradictions, Redundancies, and Blind Spots

**Duplicated enforcement**
- R1 is enforced by the procedural `XOR`, DECLARE `noncoexistence`, and Log Skeleton `never_together`. This is intentional redundancy: the tree prevents it structurally; the other layers catch it if a trace is replayed or mined without the tree.

**Inconsistency under loops / post-activation changes**
- The clarification loop is approximated with adjacent `Request  Receive`. If a real trace interleaved `Capture Master Data` between them, the procedural replay might reject it even though R3 allows interleaving. The disclosure in Section 3 addresses this.
- R11’s conditional “another Verify before any later Release” is structurally approximated by placing `Verify` inside the change path before `Release`. Because R10 caps `Release` at one, the phrase “later Release” is effectively moot in this model; the tree prevents a second release altogether.

**Vacuity in declarative rules**
- `response(Sanctions Escalation, Obtain Legal Opinion)` is vacuously true for T1–T5 (no escalation). `altresponse(Request, Receive)` is vacuously true when `Request` is absent. These are correct logical behaviors, but they mean DECLARE alone cannot distinguish “no clarification needed” from “missing clarification.”

**Missing case attributes**
- `emergency_authorized` and `joint_authorization` are absent. This forces the conservative R5 interpretation and makes T6 `policy-dependent` under Resolution B.

**Timestamp-only limitations**
- The temporal profile knows only `(source, target, timestamp)`. It cannot distinguish whether `Obtain Legal Opinion` was delayed because of a legitimate emergency or because of negligence; it only computes `t - `.

**Risk of treating support/confidence as normative truth**
- All rules use `support: 1.0` and high `confidence`. These are design assertions, not empirical frequencies from a sample. A deployment should not interpret `confidence` as statistical significance; it merely weights the rule in conformance aggregation.

---

# 10. Deployment Recommendation

**Canonical procedural representation:** The `ProcessTree` in Section 3 (`procedural_model`) should be the reference flow diagram shown to operations staff. It clearly shows concurrency, the clarification entry point, the risk split, and the post-activation change loop.

**Authoritative policy layer:** The resource/data-aware layer (Section 7) is authoritative for R5/R6 and R9, because only it can read `resource` and missing authorization attributes. The procedural tree is authoritative for backbone structure; DECLARE and Log Skeleton provide cross-checks.

**Order of conformance checks (recommended pipeline)**
1. **Procedural replay** (`pm4py.conformance_token_replay` or equivalent) — fast structural filter.
2. **Log Skeleton** (`pm4py.conformance_log_skeleton`) — ordering and frequency sanity check.
3. **DECLARE** (`pm4py.conformance_declare`) — binary constraint verification.
4. **Temporal profile** (`pm4py.conformance_temporal_profile`, `zeta=2.0`) — generate `warning` flags only.
5. **Resource/data checks** (Section 7) — final SoD and emergency-policy adjudication.

**Surfacing contradictory findings**
- For T6-type traces, display both Resolution A (`fail`) and Resolution B (`policy-dependent`) side by side. Highlight the missing `emergency_authorized` field.
- When layers disagree (e.g., T4 passes procedural/DECLARE but fails resource/data), surface the **earliest decisive layer** (resource/data for T4) and list later layer results for completeness.
- Maintain an audit trail: record which layer produced the decisive verdict, which attributes were missing, and which rules were vacuously satisfied. This prevents “silent combination” of R5 and R6 and ensures compliance officers can see exactly why a case was rejected or flagged.