<think>
Let me carefully analyze each case using the framework provided.

**Case C6-A:**
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (09:00) -> Initial Triage (09:08) -> Customer Evidence Requested (09:25) -> Evidence Received (12:10)
- Severity: High
- Injury reported: Yes, medically reversible
- Related objects: two devices from the same manufacturing lot
- Similar complaints in prior 30 days: 3
- Evidence completeness score: 0.86
- Feed quality flag: normal

Latent state analysis:
- Last visible event: Evidence Received (12:10). Current time: 14:00.
- S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW is the most plausible state: evidence has been received, and Evidence Review may be in progress but not yet completed.
- Since evidence was received at 12:10 and it's now 14:00, that's ~1h50m. The DFG shows Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed median 2.8h, and ordinary completion time is 1-5h. So Evidence Review could be in progress.
- Alternative: Could potentially be in S4 if Evidence Review already completed and was not logged, but feed quality is "normal" so less likely.
- High severity + injury + two devices from same lot: This case requires Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and Supplier Analysis (since common lot is implicated per rule 5).
- Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received
- Open obligations: Evidence Review, Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, Supplier Analysis

Predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed - most likely next event. Evidence was received ~2h ago, queue has 4 items, 2 reviewers active, typical1-5h. Probability: 0.35-0.55
2. Customer Evidence Requested - Evidence Review could request more evidence (evidence completeness 0.86, not 1.0). Probability: 0.15-0.30
3. Technical Investigation Completed - though less likely as next logged event since Evidence Review needs to complete first and trigger it. But could happen if an investigation was already started. Probability: 0.05-0.15

Wait, let me reconsider. The process flow is: Evidence Received -> Evidence Review Completed. After that, the review can lead to more evidence requests, investigation, etc. So the most likely next logged event is Evidence Review Completed.

But with high severity, injury, and common lot implications, Supplier Analysis is mandatory. And Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment are both required.

Let me think about what can plausibly be the next logged event:
1. Evidence Review Completed - most direct next step
2. Customer Evidence Requested - if review determines more evidence needed (completeness 0.86)
3. Technical Investigation Completed - unlikely as next since review hasn't completed yet... unless investigation started in parallel. But the normative flow says Evidence Review must complete before investigation starts? Actually, looking at the DFG, Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed has 173 count, suggesting investigation follows review. But Initial Triage -> Technical Investigation Completed has 126 count, meaning sometimes investigation starts without waiting for evidence review.

Hmm, but in this case the sequence already went to Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received, so investigation likely waits for review. The most plausible next events are:

1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.30) - another evidence cycle
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.02-0.08) - unlikely as next event since lot linkage may not yet have triggered formal supplier analysis

Actually, let me reconsider. Could Supplier Analysis have already been initiated? The complaint involves two devices from the same manufacturing lot with 3 similar complaints in 30 days. Per rule 5, "Supplier Analysis is mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern the same lot or supplier component." With 3 similar complaints + same lot, Supplier Analysis should be triggered. But has it been opened? We don't see it. It could be in progress but not logged, or it might be triggered after Evidence Review.

Let me revise predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed - 0.35-0.55
2. Customer Evidence Requested - 0.15-0.30
3. Supplier Analysis Completed - 0.05-0.15

Actually, I should think about whether Supplier Analysis could already be underway. With the lot linkage and similar complaints, the triage resource R-T4 (who handles potentially reportable cases) might have initiated supplier analysis. But we don't see it in the log, and feed quality is normal. It's possible that supplier analysis was initiated but hasn't completed.

Let me finalize for C6-A.

**Case C6-B:**
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (09:02) -> Initial Triage (09:11) -> Customer Evidence Requested (09:30) -> Evidence Received (12:16)
- Severity: Low
- Injury: No
- One device
- Similar complaints: 0, but text similarity to previously resolved duplicate is 0.93
- Evidence completeness: 0.98
- Feed quality: normal

Latent state:
- Last event: Evidence Received (12:16). Current time: 14:00. ~1h44m elapsed.
- S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW: evidence received, review likely in progress.
- Alternative: Could Evidence Review have completed? 1h44m is within the 1-5h range. Could have completed but not yet logged.

Key context: Low severity, no injury, single device, 0.93 similarity to a duplicate. This is a prime candidate for a non-investigation closure (Close — No Safety Issue) or even potentially Fast Close. However, Fast Close is only at S1 (before evidence request), and this case already moved past that. So the path now is through Evidence Review.

Predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.35-0.55) - direct next step
2. Close — No Safety Issue (0.15-0.30) - low severity, no injury, high duplicate similarity, evidence completeness 0.98. Evidence Review could directly close.
3. Customer Evidence Requested (0.05-0.15) - possible but unlikely given 0.98 completeness

Wait, looking at DFG: Evidence Review Completed -> Close — No Safety Issue has 68 count out of total from Evidence Review Completed. That's 68/(101+173+68)  20%. But context strongly favors closure for this case.

Actually, the predictions should be about the next logged activity, not the final outcome. So:
1. Evidence Review Completed - next logged event
2. Close — No Safety Issue - could follow quickly after review
3. Customer Evidence Requested - less likely given high completeness

**Case C6-C:**
- Prefix: ... -> Evidence Review Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed (today 11:45)
- Severity: Medium
- Injury: No
- One device, but four complaints share same failure mode across different lots
- Country rule: repeated malfunction can be reportable even without injury
- Technical conclusion: root cause plausible but not confirmed
- No Regulatory Assessment completion visible
- Feed quality: normal

Latent state:
- Last event: Technical Investigation Completed (11:45). Current time: 14:00. ~2h15m elapsed.
- S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN or S5 DISPOSITION_READY?
- Technical Investigation is complete. But Regulatory Assessment is also required (medium severity + repeated malfunction = possible reportability signal per rule 4). So Regulatory Assessment is still open.
- No Supplier Analysis mentioned as needed (different lots, so rule 5 about same lot/supplier doesn't apply directly).
- Wait, the rule says "Supplier Analysis is mandatory when two or more apparently related complaints concern the same lot or supplier component." The complaints are across different lots but same failure mode. This might or might not trigger Supplier Analysis depending on whether the "supplier component" is implicated.
- Primary state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN - Regulatory Assessment obligation is open- Alternative: Could Regulatory Assessment be in progress or completed but not logged? At 2h15m, and the DFG shows Tech Investigation -> Regulatory Assessment median 5.0h, so it could be in progress.

Actually wait - looking at DFG, Regulatory Assessment Completed -> Technical Investigation Completed has count 51, meaning sometimes regulatory assessment completes before technical investigation. And Technical Investigation Completed -> Regulatory Assessment Completed has count 74. In this case, technical investigation completed at 11:45. Regulatory Assessment could be in progress.

Predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.35-0.50) - required obligation, could complete soon
2. Disposition Recorded (0.15-0.25) - if Regulatory Assessment already completed and not yet logged, or completes soon
3. Authority Notification (0.05-0.15) - if assessment concludes reportable (country rule + repeated malfunction)

Hmm, let me reconsider. With the country rule about repeated malfunction being reportable, there's a meaningful chance Regulatory Assessment concludes "reportable," which would trigger Authority Notification before close.

Revised predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.35-0.55)
2. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.25)
3. Authority Notification (0.08-0.20)

**Case C6-D:**
- Prefix: Complaint Registered (08:20) -> Initial Triage (08:29) -> Technical Investigation Completed (13:05)
- Severity: High
- Injury: Yes
- One device
- Customer attachment exists but no Customer Evidence Requested/Received events
- Regulatory specialist R-R2 opened at 12:40 per separate worklist, no completion event
- Feed quality: migration-affected

Latent state analysis:
- Missing events: Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received are absent, but customer attachment exists. Feed is migration-affected (8-15% delay, up to 6h).
- The complaint was registered at 08:20, so within the 48h migration window.
- Most likely: Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received occurred but were delayed/lost in migration.
- Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05 suggests investigation was done.
- R-R2 opened Regulatory Assessment at 12:40 per worklist snapshot.
- Primary state: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN - Regulatory Assessment is in progress (R-R2 started at 12:40, no completion yet). Technical Investigation is complete.
- Wait, actually with high severity and injury, both Tech Investigation and Regulatory Assessment are required (rule 4). Tech Investigation is done. Regulatory Assessment is started (R-R2 at 12:40) but not complete.
- No Supplier Analysis mentioned needed (single device, no lot linkage mentioned).
- So primary: S4 with Technical Investigation complete, Regulatory Assessment in progress.
- Alternative: Could evidence review be pending? If evidence events were missed, maybe Evidence Review hasn't happened. But the case has already reached Technical Investigation Completed, suggesting evidence review was completed (or wasn't needed because evidence was clear enough from the triage).

Actually, let me reconsider the normative flow. The case goes: Registered -> Triage -> Technical Investigation Completed. In the DFG, Initial Triage -> Technical Investigation Completed has 126 count, suggesting direct path without evidence cycle. So this is plausible for high-severity cases where evidence is already available.

Predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.30-0.50) - R-R2 started at 12:40, now 14:00, so 1h20m elapsed. Typical2-14h. Could complete soon.
2. Disposition Recorded (0.15-0.30) - after both investigations complete
3. Authority Notification (0.10-0.25) - high severity + injury = likely reportable

But also consider: Customer Evidence Requested could appear in the log once migration catches up. Or Evidence Received.

Revised predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.25-0.45)
2. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.25)
3. Customer Evidence Requested (0.10-0.20) - migration-delayed event surfacing

Hmm, actually let me think more carefully. The feed quality is migration-affected. The events might surface. But the question is about the next logged event. If R-R2 is working on Regulatory Assessment, the most likely next event is either:
- Regulatory Assessment Completed (if R-R2 finishes)
- Customer Evidence Requested (if migration-delayed event surfaces)

But since R-R2 started at 12:40 (from worklist, not from the analytical log), and typical completion is 2-14h, completion could be anytime from ~14:40 to next day. Given current time is 14:00, Regulatory Assessment probably won't complete before 14:40 at the earliest.

Actually, the worklist snapshot showed R-R2 opened the case at 12:40. The "opened" could mean the regulatory specialist started reviewing, not that the assessment is completed. With high severity + injury, this should get priority in the regulatory assessment queue.

Let me finalize predictions for C6-D:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.30-0.45) - in progress per worklist
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.10-0.20) - migration-delayed event could surface
3. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.20) - if both investigations are actually complete

**Case C6-E:**
- Prefix: ... -> Evidence Review Completed -> Customer Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received (today 13:20)
- Severity: Low
- Injury: No
- One device, but lot now linked to SIX complaints
- Second evidence package includes supplier certificate and photos
- Evidence completeness: 0.72 (low)
- No investigation visible
- Feed quality: normal

Latent state:
- Last event: Evidence Received (13:20). Current time: 14:00. Only 40 minutes elapsed.
- S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW: second evidence received, review pending.
- But key consideration: lot linked to 6 complaints. Per rule 5, Supplier Analysis is mandatory. This may shift the case trajectory.
- Low severity, no injury - normally might close, but the lot linkage with 6 complaints is a significant factor.
- Evidence completeness is 0.72 - review might request more evidence.
- Alternative: Supplier Analysis might have been initiated due to the 6-complaint lot linkage, even though not visible in the log.

Predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50) - direct next step, evidence received only 40 min ago
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.30) - completeness 0.72, review may need more
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.05-0.15) - lot linked to 6 complaints triggers mandatory analysis

Wait, but with only 40 minutes elapsed and queue of 4 items with 2 reviewers, Evidence Review probably hasn't started yet or is just starting. The 1-5h timeline means completion likely between 14:00 and 18:20.

Actually, I should also consider: could the case be escalated from low severity? The lot linkage with 6 complaints could upgrade the seriousness. But the severity field says Low, so unless reassigned...

Let me also think about Close — No Safety Issue as a prediction. With low severity and no injury, this is possible, but the lot linkage complicates things significantly.

Revised predictions for C6-E:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.30) - completeness only 0.72
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.05-0.15) - mandatory per rule 5

Actually, I realize I need to think about what "process_enabled" means. For the evidence review, it's enabled because evidence was received. For Supplier Analysis, it may already be enabled/in progress due to the lot linkage.

Now let me construct the JSON.

Let me reconsider each case more carefully for the process_enabled flag. A process-enabled action means the task could be in progress right now even if not yet logged.

For C6-A:
- Evidence Review: process_enabled = true (evidence received 2h ago, review likely in progress)
- Customer Evidence Requested: process_enabled = false (this would happen after Evidence Review determines more is needed)
- Supplier Analysis: process_enabled = true (lot linkage with 3 similar complaints could have triggered it)

For C6-B:
- Evidence Review: process_enabled = true
- Close — No Safety Issue: process_enabled = false (requires Evidence Review to complete first... unless review is already done)
- Actually, Close — No Safety Issue could be process-enabled if Evidence Review already completed and the closure decision is being made.

Hmm, let me reconsider. "Process-enabled" should mean the task is enabled by the process model given the current state, not necessarily that it's currently in progress.

Actually, re-reading the instructions: "Distinguish a process-enabled action from the event most likely to be observed next in the log. For example, a task can be in progress while its completion event is not yet visible."

So process_enabled means: can this activity be started or is it already in progress according to the process model? The prediction is about what will be logged next, but process_enabled tells us if the action could already be underway.

Let me redo this.

C6-A:
1. Evidence Review Completed - process_enabled: true (review likely in progress since evidence received 2h ago)
2. Customer Evidence Requested - process_enabled: false (enabled only after Evidence Review)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed - process_enabled: true (could have been initiated due to lot linkage)

Wait, for Customer Evidence Requested to be the next event, Evidence Review must have completed first. But if Evidence Review already completed and wasn't logged (unlikely with normal feed), then Customer Evidence Requested could be next. With0.86 completeness, it's plausible but less likely.

Let me reconsider my approach. The "next logged activity" predictions should be about what we'll see in the event log next, given uncertainty about what's actually happening. The "process_enabled" flag indicates whether the task could already be in progress.

Let me also re-examine the cross-case discussion about C6-A vs C6-B. Both have identical prefixes (Registered -> Triage -> Evidence Requested -> Evidence Received) but differ in:
- Severity: High vs Low
- Injury: Yes vs No
- Lot linkage: 2 devices same lot vs 1 device
- Similar complaints: 3 vs 0 (but high duplicate similarity)
- These differences fundamentally change the process trajectory

OK, let me now write the full JSON.

For C6-A, let me be more precise:

Latent state:
- Primary: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW - Evidence received at 12:10, Evidence Review is likely in progress (~2h elapsed against1-5h typical)
- Alternative: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN - If Evidence Review already completed and triggered investigation branches, or if investigations were opened in parallel
- Completed obligations: Complaint Registered, Initial Triage, Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received
- Open obligations: Evidence Review, Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, Supplier AnalysisPredictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (rank 1) - 0.30-0.50
   - Supporting: Evidence received 2h ago, normal queue processing   - Contradicting: 4 items in queue, could take longer
   
2. Customer Evidence Requested (rank 2) - 0.15-0.30
   - Supporting: Evidence completeness 0.86, review may request more
   - Contradicting: 0.86 is fairly high
   
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (rank 3) - 0.05-0.15
   - Supporting: Lot linkage with 3 similar complaints, supplier analysis may already be in progress
   - Contradicting: Typical 6-36h completion, likely just started or not yet started

Hmm, actually for rank 3, let me consider Technical Investigation Completed instead. Looking at the DFG, Technical Investigation can start from Initial Triage (126 count) or from Evidence Review Completed (173 count). With high severity, investigation might have been initiated early. But it typically takes 9h median from triage.

Actually, wait. Let me reconsider. With the current queue conditions:
- Evidence Review: 4 waiting, 2 active  1-5h
- Technical Investigation: 7 waiting, 2/3 engineers available, high-severity can overtake
- Supplier Analysis: 3 waiting, 6-36h

Given the case was created at 09:00 and it's now 14:00 (5h), Technical Investigation might have been started. If high-severity overtakes queue, investigation could be further along. But 7 items waiting with 2 engineers... median9h from triage.

I think the top 3 for C6-A should be:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.25)3. Technical Investigation Completed (0.08-0.18) - high severity can overtake

Actually, for rank 3, Technical Investigation is plausible if investigation started early (high severity) and is progressing. The DFG shows median 9h from triage, and it's been 5h. With queue overtaking, could be further along.

But Supplier Analysis is also mandatory and could appear. Let me go with:

1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.25)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.05-0.15)

For the process_enabled flag:
- Evidence Review Completed: true (review is being conducted)
- Customer Evidence Requested: false (only enabled after Evidence Review determines more needed)
- Supplier Analysis Completed: true (lot linkage analysis may have been initiated)

Wait, actually "process_enabled" should indicate whether the underlying task could already be in progress. For Evidence Review: yes, it's likely in progress. For Customer Evidence Requested: this is an event that happens when the reviewer decides more evidence is needed; it's not really "in progress" - it's a decision point. For Supplier Analysis: it could be in progress if initiated.

Let me think about this differently. The "process_enabled" flag is about whether the task/step is currently enabled in the process model, meaning it could be started or is already running. Evidence Review is enabled because evidence was received. Customer Evidence Requested is not yet enabled because it requires Evidence Review to complete. Supplier Analysis is enabled because the lot linkage condition is met.

OK, I think I'm overcomplicating this. Let me just write it out.

For C6-B:
- Primary: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW
- Alternative: S5 DISPOSITION_READY (if review already completed and found sufficient for closure)
- Completed: Registered, Triage, Evidence Requested, Evidence Received
- Open: Evidence Review (and potentially nothing else - low severity, no injury, high duplicate similarity)

Predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.35-0.55) - direct next step, evidence received 1h44m ago
2. Close — No Safety Issue (0.15-0.30) - low severity, no injury, 0.93 duplicate similarity, 0.98 completeness
3. Customer Evidence Requested (0.05-0.15) - completeness0.98, very unlikely to need more

process_enabled for Close — No Safety Issue: It depends on whether Evidence Review has completed. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed -> Close — No Safety Issue (68 count). If review hasn't completed, Close isn't enabled yet. But if review is nearly done or done but not logged... I'll say true with a caveat.

Actually, looking at the DFG more carefully: Evidence Review Completed -> Close — No Safety Issue (68). The68 count represents cases where after evidence review, the case was closed with no safety issue. For this to be the next logged event, Evidence Review must have already completed (possibly not yet logged). Given the case characteristics (low severity, no injury, 0.93 duplicate), the review is likely straightforward.

For Close — No Safety Issue to appear as next event, either:
a) Evidence Review already completed (not logged due to normal delay) and the close event is next, or
b) Evidence Review completes and immediately followed by Close

I think it's reasonable to say process_enabled = false for Close, since Evidence Review hasn't been logged as complete yet. But it could be "almost" enabled.

Let me just set it as: Evidence Review Completed (process_enabled: true), Close — No Safety Issue (process_enabled: false, requires Evidence Review completion), Customer Evidence Requested (process_enabled: false).

For C6-C:
- Last visible: Technical Investigation Completed (11:45)
- Primary: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN - Regulatory Assessment is mandatory (medium severity + repeated malfunction = reportability signal per rule 4) and not yet complete
- Alternative: S5 DISPOSITION_READY - if Regulatory Assessment is already complete but not logged (2h15m elapsed, DFG shows Tech Inv -> Reg Assessment median 5h, but this could have started earlier)
- Actually, looking at DFG: Technical Investigation Completed -> Disposition Recorded (119 count). So some cases go directly from Tech Investigation to Disposition. But rule 4 says high-severity and reportability-signal cases need both. This is medium severity with reportability signal (repeated malfunction). So Regulatory Assessment is required.

Wait, rule 4 says "High-severity complaints and complaints with a possible reportability signal require both Technical Investigation and Regulatory Assessment before final disposition." Medium severity + repeated malfunction = possible reportability signal. So Regulatory Assessment is required.

Could Regulatory Assessment have already started and/or completed? The case has been through Evidence Review (completed) and Technical Investigation (completed today 11:45). Regulatory Assessment could have been initiated at any point. With 2h15m elapsed, and DFG Tech Inv -> Reg Assessment median 5h... but Reg Assessment -> Tech Inv also has 51 count (median 6h), suggesting they can run in parallel or in either order.

Given the queue conditions (12 items waiting, priority-based), and the reportability risk from repeated malfunction, this case might get priority. But 12 items is a lot. Regulatory Assessment could be in progress.

Predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.30-0.50) - required obligation, could complete soon
2. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.25) - if regulatory assessment already done or completes3. Authority Notification (0.08-0.18) - if assessment concludes reportable (country rule + repeated malfunction)

process_enabled:
- Regulatory Assessment Completed: true (likely in progress)
- Disposition Recorded: false (requires Regulatory Assessment completion)
- Authority Notification: false (requires Disposition + reportable conclusion)

For C6-D:
- Prefix: Registered (08:20) -> Triage (08:29) -> Technical Investigation Completed (13:05)
- Missing: Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received (but attachment exists)
- R-R2 started Regulatory Assessment at 12:40 per worklist
- Feed quality: migration-affected- High severity, injury

Latent state:
- Primary: S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN - Technical Investigation complete, Regulatory Assessment in progress (R-R2 at 12:40)
- Alternative: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW - if evidence events are migration-delayed and evidence review is actually pending
- But the case reached Technical Investigation Completed, suggesting the evidence/investigation path has progressedWait, can Technical Investigation complete before Evidence Review? Looking at the DFG: Initial Triage -> Technical Investigation Completed (126 count). Yes, it's possible to go directly from triage to investigation without an evidence cycle. For high-severity cases with injury, investigation may start immediately.

Completed: Registered, Triage, Technical Investigation (but with migration-delayed events possibly including evidence events)
Open: Regulatory Assessment (R-R2 started 12:40), possibly Evidence Review (if evidence events are migration-delayed)

Predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.25-0.45) - R-R2 started 1h20m ago, high priority
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.10-0.20) - migration-delayed event could surface
3. Disposition Recorded (0.08-0.20) - if both investigations complete

Actually, I should also consider Evidence Received as a possible surfaced event. But given the migration delay, it might surface Customer Evidence Requested AND Evidence Received in sequence, or just one.

Let me think about what's most likely to appear in the log next:
- If migration events surface: Customer Evidence Requested or Evidence Received
- If R-R2 completes: Regulatory Assessment Completed
- If both investigations are done: Disposition Recorded

The migration events might appear at any time (up to 6h delay, events from last 48h). The complaint was registered at 08:20 today, so it's within the 48h window. Events could have occurred at, say, 09:00-09:30 and be delayed until 15:00-15:30.

Regulatory Assessment: R-R2 started at 12:40. With 2-14h typical completion, could finish as early as 14:40 or as late as next day. Given current time 14:00, early completion is possible but might not happen in the next few hours.

Revised predictions:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.25-0.40)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.12-0.22) - migration-delayed
3. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.20)

For C6-E:
- Last event: Evidence Received (13:20), only 40 min ago
- Second evidence cycle (review requested more evidence)
- Low severity, no injury
- Lot linked to 6 complaints
- Evidence completeness: 0.72
- Supplier certificate and photos in second package

Latent state:
- Primary: S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW - second evidence just received, review pending
- Alternative: Could Supplier Analysis already be in progress? With 6 complaints linked to the same lot, Supplier Analysis is mandatory (rule 5). It might have been initiated when the lot linkage was first noticed.
- Completed: Registered, Triage, Evidence Requested (1st), Evidence Received (1st), Evidence Review Completed (1st), Evidence Requested (2nd), Evidence Received (2nd)
- Open: Evidence Review (2nd), Supplier Analysis (mandatory per rule 5)

Predictions:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50) - direct next step, evidence received 40 min ago
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.25) - completeness 0.72, third cycle possible
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.05-0.15) - mandatory per rule 5, 6 complaints linked to lot

Actually, could Close — No Safety Issue be a prediction? With low severity and no injury, normally yes. But the lot linkage with 6 complaints makes closure unlikely without investigation. The Supplier Analysis is mandatory.

What about Technical Investigation? Rule 4 says it's required for high-severity or reportability signal. This is low severity, but the lot linkage might constitute a reportability signal. Hmm, the country rule is about repeated malfunction. If this lot has 6 complaints, that's a significant pattern. But the individual case severity is Low and no injury.

I think the top 3 for C6-E should be:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.25)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.05-0.15)

Or maybe Close — No Safety Issue for rank 3? No, I think Supplier Analysis is more important given the lot linkage.

Let me finalize everything and write the JSON.

One more consideration for the observation model caveat: for cases created in the last 48h, 8-15% of events may be delayed up to 6h. Cases C6-A, C6-B, C6-D were created today. C6-C and C6-E were created yesterday.

For C6-C and C6-E, they were created on the previous day, so they might be outside the 48h window or barely within it. C6-C was created at 15:10 yesterday, so if it's now 14:00 today, that's ~23h ago - within 48h. C6-E was created at 10:00 yesterday, ~28h ago - within 48h.

So all cases are potentially affected by migration delays, but C6-A, C6-B, and C6-D are explicitly flagged as normal feed, while C6-D is flagged as migration-affected.

Actually, the feed quality flags are:
- C6-A: normal
- C6-B: normal
- C6-C: normal
- C6-D: migration-affected
- C6-E: normal

So only C6-D has the migration issue flagged. The others have normal feed quality, meaning migration delays are either not significant or already resolved for them.

OK, now let me write the complete JSON. Let me be careful about probability ranges and make them coherent.

Let me reconsider all the probability ranges to make sure they're reasonable and the midpoints roughly sum to less than 1 (since we're only showing top 3 and there are other possibilities).

C6-A:
1. Evidence Review Completed: 0.30-0.50 (mid 0.40)
2. Customer Evidence Requested: 0.15-0.25 (mid 0.20)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed: 0.05-0.15 (mid 0.10)
Sum of midpoints: 0.70 - OK, leaving room for other outcomes

C6-B:
1. Evidence Review Completed: 0.35-0.55 (mid 0.45)
2. Close — No Safety Issue: 0.15-0.30 (mid 0.225)
3. Customer Evidence Requested: 0.05-0.15 (mid 0.10)
Sum of midpoints: 0.775 - OK

C6-C:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed: 0.30-0.50 (mid 0.40)
2. Disposition Recorded: 0.10-0.25 (mid 0.175)
3. Authority Notification: 0.05-0.18 (mid 0.115)
Sum of midpoints: 0.69 - OK

C6-D:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed: 0.22-0.40 (mid 0.31)
2. Customer Evidence Requested: 0.10-0.22 (mid 0.16)
3. Disposition Recorded: 0.08-0.18 (mid 0.13)
Sum of midpoints: 0.60 - OK

C6-E:
1. Evidence Review Completed: 0.30-0.50 (mid 0.40)
2. Customer Evidence Requested: 0.12-0.25 (mid 0.185)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed: 0.05-0.15 (mid 0.10)
Sum of midpoints: 0.685 - OK

Now let me write the full JSON with detailed reasoning.

Actually, one more thought on C6-A. With high severity, injury, and same-lot linkage, there are 3 similar complaints in the prior 30 days. This strongly suggests Supplier Analysis is mandatory. Should it be ranked higher? The issue is that it depends on whether the lot linkage was recognized and supplier analysis initiated. The case is only ~5 hours old. Supplier Analysis typically takes 6-36h. If it's been initiated, it's unlikely to be completed yet. If not yet initiated, it can't be the next event.

Actually, the question is whether Supplier Analysis has been initiated. With the lot linkage and similar complaints, a triage resource (R-T4, who handles reportable cases) would likely have flagged this for supplier analysis early on. But we don't see it in the log. With normal feed quality, if it was initiated, we should see it... unless it was initiated very recently and the start event hasn't been logged (but the log records task completions, not starts).

Oh right! The log records task-completion events, not task starts. So Supplier Analysis could be in progress without any visible event. Its completion event would be the next thing we see. But6-36h is a long time, and the case is only 5h old. So even if initiated, completion is unlikely to be imminent.

I'll keep Supplier Analysis Completed as rank 3 for C6-A with a low probability.

Wait, I realize I should also reconsider what the most likely "next event" is more carefully. For C6-A, after Evidence Review Completed, the next steps could be:
- Customer Evidence Requested (another cycle)
- Technical Investigation Completed (if investigation already started)
- Supplier Analysis Completed
- Close — No Safety Issue (unlikely with high severity + injury)
- Disposition Recorded

But we're predicting the NEXT logged event, not subsequent ones. The most direct next event is Evidence Review Completed. The second most likely could be Customer Evidence Requested (if review is completed but not yet logged, and more evidence is needed) or Technical Investigation Completed (if investigation started early due to high severity).

Let me reconsider: with high severity and injury, Technical Investigation likely started early (DFG shows Initial Triage -> Technical Investigation Completed 126 count, median 9h). It's been 5h since triage. With high-severity queue overtaking, investigation could be progressing. But 7 items in queue with 2/3 engineers... Technical Investigation Completed is plausible as rank 2 or 3.

Revised C6-A:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.28-0.48)
2. Technical Investigation Completed (0.10-0.22) - high severity queue priority, 5h since triage
3. Customer Evidence Requested (0.10-0.20) - completeness 0.86

Hmm, but Technical Investigation median is 9h from triage. At 5h, it's early. With queue overtaking (high severity), maybe the 9h could be compressed. But there are 7 items waiting and only 2 engineers. I think it's less likely than evidence-related events.

Let me go with:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.12-0.24)
3. Technical Investigation Completed (0.08-0.18) OR Supplier Analysis Completed

I'll go with Technical Investigation Completed for rank 3 since it's more directly in the flow and high severity accelerates it.

OK, final decision for C6-A:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.30-0.50)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.12-0.24)3. Technical Investigation Completed (0.08-0.18)

And for the process_enabled flags:
1. Evidence Review Completed: true (in progress)
2. Customer Evidence Requested: false (not yet enabled, requires Evidence Review)
3. Technical Investigation Completed: true (could be in progress due to high severity)

This makes more sense because with high severity, investigation might have started in parallel or right after triage.

Now let me also reconsider C6-D. The missing evidence events are notable. Customer attachment exists in source system but no Evidence Requested/Received in the analytical log. Migration-affected feed. The next event could be:
- Regulatory Assessment Completed (R-R2 working on it)
- A migration-delayed event surfacing (Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, or even Evidence Review Completed)
- Disposition Recorded

With migration-affected feed, delayed events could appear at any time. Let me consider: what's more likely to be logged first - R-R2 completing the assessment (started 1h20m ago, 2-14h typical) or a delayed event surfacing?

Migration delays are up to 6h. The complaint was registered at 08:20, events might have occurred around 08:30-09:30. If delayed by up to 6h, they could surface by 14:30-15:30. That's quite soon.

R-R2 started at 12:40, typical 2-14h. Earliest completion ~14:40, but could be much later. Priority for high severity + injury.

So migration-delayed events might actually surface sooner. Let me rank:
1. Customer Evidence Requested (0.18-0.32) - migration-delayed event, could surface soon
2. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.18-0.35) - R-R2 in progress
3. Evidence Received (0.08-0.18) - another migration-delayed event, or Disposition Recorded

Hmm, but I need to be careful. The migration-affected flag says 8-15% of events may be delayed. So there's an 85-92% chance the events are just absent because they didn't happen. But the customer attachment exists in the source system, suggesting evidence-related tasks did occur.

Given the attachment exists, Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received very likely occurred but are delayed in the feed. The next migration-delayed event to surface could be either of these.

Actually, I realize the events that are delayed would surface in chronological order typically. If Customer Evidence Requested happened first (say 09:00) and Evidence Received happened later (say 11:00), then Customer Evidence Requested would surface first. But they might also surface together.

Let me finalize C6-D:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.22-0.38) - R-R2 in progress, high priority
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.15-0.28) - migration-delayed, evidence attachment confirms it occurred
3. Disposition Recorded (0.08-0.18) - if all required activities complete

For the process_enabled flags:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed: true (R-R2 started at 12:40)
2. Customer Evidence Requested: true (likely already occurred, event delayed)
3. Disposition Recorded: false (requires Regulatory Assessment completion)

OK, I think I have a good enough analysis. Let me write the final JSON.

One more thing: for the observation_model_caveat, I should note for each case:
- C6-A, C6-B: Created today, within 48h window, but feed quality is normal
- C6-C: Created yesterday, feed normal
- C6-D: Created today, migration-affected - key caveat
- C6-E: Created yesterday, feed normal

Let me also add specifics about the log recording task completions, not starts.

OK, writing the JSON now.

For C6-D, I want to reconsider whether Evidence Review Completed could be a prediction. If Evidence Requested and Evidence Received occurred but were delayed, Evidence Review might have also been completed and delayed. But Evidence Review Completed wasn't listed as missing - only Evidence Requested and Evidence Received. However, if those events are delayed, the Evidence Review Completed might also be delayed.

Actually, the case shows Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05. If Evidence Review happened before that (which it would need to in the normative flow), then Evidence Review Completed might also be migration-delayed. But it's also possible the investigation started directly from triage without an evidence cycle (DFG shows Triage -> Technical Investigation 126 count).

Given the ambiguity, I'll stick with my predictions. The presence of the customer attachment strongly suggests evidence was received, and the missing events are due to migration.

Let me also reconsider the cross-case discussion. The key point about C6-A vs C6-B:
- Same prefix, different severity and context
- C6-A: High severity, injury, lot linkage  must go through full investigation chain (Tech Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, Supplier Analysis)
- C6-B: Low severity, no injury, high duplicate similarity  can potentially close quickly after evidence review
- Mechanical DFG-based prediction would give similar predictions for both (since they share the same prefix), but the process obligations diverge dramatically

OK, writing the complete JSON now. Let me be precise and detailed.

Actually, I want to reconsider C6-C's predictions more carefully. 

C6-C has Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45. It's now 14:00, so 2h15m elapsed. Regulatory Assessment is required (medium severity + repeated malfunction).Looking at the DFG:
- Technical Investigation Completed -> Regulatory Assessment Completed: 74 count, median 5.0h
- Technical Investigation Completed -> Disposition Recorded: 119 count, median 2.6h

The 119 count for Tech Investigation -> Disposition suggests many cases go directly from Tech Investigation to Disposition without Regulatory Assessment. But for C6-C, Regulatory Assessment is required due to the reportability signal.

Could Regulatory Assessment have already been completed but not logged? With normal feed quality, unlikely but possible. The 2h15m elapsed time is less than the median 5.0h, so it's more likely still in progress.

For Regulatory Assessment queue: 12 items waiting, priority based on reportability risk. Repeated malfunction across4 complaints is a meaningful reportability signal, so this case could get priority. But 12 items is a lot. Completion can take 2-14h after assignment.

If assigned at, say, 12:00 (shortly after Tech Investigation Completed), then 2h have elapsed. With 2-14h range, it could complete anytime from 14:00 to 02:00 next day.

Predictions for C6-C:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed (0.30-0.48) - required, likely in progress
2. Disposition Recorded (0.10-0.22) - follows regulatory assessment
3. Authority Notification (0.05-0.18) - if reportable conclusion from repeated malfunction

Let me also consider: could there be a Supplier Analysis obligation? Rule 5 says "two or more apparently related complaints concern the same lot or supplier component." The case has4 complaints with the same failure mode but different lots. If the common element is a supplier component (not lot), then Supplier Analysis might be required. The case description doesn't explicitly mention supplier component, just "same failure mode across different lots." So Supplier Analysis might not be triggered, or it's uncertain.

This is a good unknown to flag.

OK, now truly writing the JSON.

For C6-E, let me reconsider. The lot is linked to 6 complaints. Rule 5 is clear: Supplier Analysis is mandatory. The question is when it was/will be initiated. With 6 complaints, someone should have noticed. But the case is on its second evidence cycle, suggesting the focus so far has been on evidence gathering.

Evidence completeness is 0.72 after the second receipt. The second package includes supplier certificate and photographs. The reviewer might be satisfied with this or might request more.

Predictions for C6-E:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.28-0.48) - second review in progress, received 40 min ago
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.12-0.25) - completeness 0.72, third cycle possible
3. Close — No Safety Issue (0.05-0.15) - low severity, no injury, but lot linkage complicates

Wait, should Close — No Safety Issue be rank 3 instead of Supplier Analysis Completed? With 6 complaints in the lot, closing without supplier analysis seems like a compliance violation. But the log might show closure happening before supplier analysis completes (non-compliant behavior).

Hmm, let me think. The process-aware answer would be: Supplier Analysis is mandatory and must complete before disposition (rule 5). So the next meaningful process event should be Evidence Review Completed, followed by either another evidence cycle or (more importantly) Supplier Analysis.

I'll go with:
1. Evidence Review Completed (0.28-0.48)
2. Customer Evidence Requested (0.12-0.25)
3. Supplier Analysis Completed (0.06-0.16) - mandatory, may already be in progress

For process_enabled:
1. Evidence Review Completed: true
2. Customer Evidence Requested: false
3. Supplier Analysis Completed: true (lot linkage with 6 complaints should have triggered it)

OK, final JSON. Let me write it carefully.

Let me also think about what "process_enabled" means more precisely in the context of each prediction.

For "Evidence Review Completed": The Evidence Review task is process-enabled because evidence has been received and the review can proceed. The task is likely in progress.

For "Customer Evidence Requested": This is triggered by Evidence Review determining more evidence is needed. It's not process-enabled until Evidence Review completes and makes this determination.

For "Technical Investigation Completed": This is process-enabled if investigation has already started. In high-severity cases, investigation can start from triage.

For "Supplier Analysis Completed": This is process-enabled if Supplier Analysis has been initiated. The lot linkage condition triggers it.

For "Regulatory Assessment Completed": Process-enabled if R-R2 has started working on it (confirmed in C6-D, inferred in C6-C).

For "Disposition Recorded": Requires all mandatory investigations to be complete. Not process-enabled until then.

For "Close — No Safety Issue": Not process-enabled until after Evidence Review or Disposition.

For "Authority Notification": Not process-enabled until Disposition is recorded and assessment concludes reportable.

OK, I think I have all the pieces. Let me write the JSON now.

Let me also think about the Authority Notification batch timing. Batches are at 16:00 each working day. If a case becomes ready after 16:00, it waits until next working day. For C6-C, if Disposition is recorded before 16:00 today with a reportable conclusion, Authority Notification could go in today's batch. But it's currently 14:00, and the case needs Regulatory Assessment Completed first (likely 2-14h from assignment), then Disposition. Getting to Authority Notification by 16:00 seems tight.

This timing constraint affects C6-C and potentially C6-D (if reportable).

Let me finalize and write.

Actually, I want to reconsider one more time for C6-A. The question says to list "exactly three plausible next logged activities or termination outcomes." Let me make sure I'm listing plausible ones.

For C6-A, the plausible next logged events are:
1. Evidence Review Completed - most likely
2. Customer Evidence Requested - if review determines more needed
3. Technical Investigation Completed - if investigation started early due to high severity
4. Supplier Analysis Completed - if analysis was initiated and somehow completes fast
5. Close — No Safety Issue - very unlikely given high severity + injury6. Disposition Recorded - requires multiple investigations

I'll go with 1, 2, 3.

For C6-B:
1. Evidence Review Completed
2. Close — No Safety Issue
3. Customer Evidence Requested

For C6-C:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed
2. Disposition Recorded
3. Authority Notification

For C6-D:
1. Regulatory Assessment Completed
2. Customer Evidence Requested (migration-delayed)
3. Disposition Recorded

For C6-E:
1. Evidence Review Completed
2. Customer Evidence Requested
3. Supplier Analysis Completed

OK, writing the JSON now. This is going to be long.

Wait, one more thing. For C6-D, I listed "Customer Evidence Requested" as a migration-delayed event. But should I list "Evidence Received" instead? Both are missing from the log. If both are migration-delayed, the earlier one (Evidence Requested) would likely surface first. But they might surface together. Let me keep Customer Evidence Requested as rank 2 since it chronologically precedes Evidence Received.

Actually, the customer attachment exists in the source system, so at minimum Evidence Received should have occurred. Customer Evidence Requested would have preceded it. Both could be delayed. I'll list Customer Evidence Requested as rank 2 (earlier event surfaces first or they surface together).

One more consideration: for C6-D, could "Evidence Received" be the next logged event instead of "Customer Evidence Requested"? If both are delayed and the system processes them in order, Customer Evidence Requested comes first. But if the migration delay is event-specific, either could surface first.

I'll keep Customer Evidence Requested as rank 2 for C6-D, with a note that Evidence Received might surface concurrently.

OK, truly writing now.
</think>
```json
{
  "cases": [
    {
      "case_id": "C6-A",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — Evidence received at 12:10; Evidence Review is likely in progress (~2 h elapsed against a 1–5 h service window with 4 items queued and 2 active reviewers).",
        "alternative": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — If Evidence Review already completed and was not yet logged, or if Technical Investigation was initiated early from triage (high-severity queue overtaking), one or more investigation obligations may already be active.",
        "completed_obligations": [
          "Complaint Registered",
          "Initial Triage",
          "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "Evidence Received"
        ],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": [
          "Evidence Review (2nd cycle possible given 0.86 completeness)",
          "Technical Investigation (mandatory: high severity + injury + reportability signal)",
          "Regulatory Assessment (mandatory: high severity + injury + reportability signal)",
          "Supplier Analysis (mandatory: two devices from same manufacturing lot with 3 similar complaints in 30 days)"
        ]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.30, "high": 0.50},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence was received at 12:10; at 14:00 roughly 1 h 50 m have elapsed. The DFG median for Evidence Received  Evidence Review Completed is 2.8 h, and the operational service time is 1–5 h with 2 active reviewers and 4 items in queue. The review task is almost certainly in progress. This is the most direct next completion event in the normative flow."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.12, "high": 0.24},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "Evidence completeness is 0.86, not yet 1.0. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed  Customer Evidence Requested at 101/356  28 % of post-review transitions. A high-severity injury case with two devices from the same lot may need additional supplier or device-specific documentation. However, this event requires Evidence Review to complete and decide more evidence is needed; the task is not yet enabled. It could surface as the next logged event only if Evidence Review has already completed but its completion event is delayed."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Technical Investigation Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.18},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "The DFG shows Initial Triage  Technical Investigation Completed (126/972  13 %) with a median of 9.0 h. Five hours have elapsed since triage. High-severity cases can overtake the investigation queue (currently 7 items, 2 of 3 engineers available), so investigation may be further along than FIFO ordering would suggest. The task is potentially in progress. However, with 7 items and only 2 engineers, completion within the next hour is uncertain."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Evidence received at 12:10 gives ~1 h 50 m for Evidence Review to progress, well within the 1–5 h service window.",
        "High severity, medically-reversible injury, and two devices from the same lot satisfy rules 2 (blocks Fast Close), 4 (requires Tech Investigation and Regulatory Assessment), and 5 (requires Supplier Analysis).",
        "Triage resource R-T4 usually handles reportable cases, suggesting early escalation.",
        "Feed quality is normal, so the absence of further events is unlikely to be an artifact of migration delay.",
        "Three similar complaints in 30 days reinforces the reportability signal and strengthens the case for early investigation initiation."
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "The evidence queue has 4 items with only 2 reviewers, so completion could extend toward the 5 h upper bound, pushing Evidence Review Completed later.",
        "Seven items in the Technical Investigation queue with one engineer absent reduce the likelihood of imminent investigation completion.",
        "No Supplier Analysis start event is visible, so its completion may be many hours away (typical 6–36 h)."
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Evidence Review has already completed internally but its completion event has not yet propagated (feed is flagged normal, but some delay is possible).",
        "Whether the lot linkage has already triggered a formal Supplier Analysis task that is in progress but has no logged start.",
        "Whether the 3 prior similar complaints have already generated a shared investigation or supplier-analysis work package that this case was merged into.",
        "Reviewer assignment: one of the 2 active reviewers may be handling this case, or it may be still queued behind the 4 waiting items."
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "The log records task completions only. Evidence Review may already be finished internally while its completion event has not yet appeared. Technical Investigation may be in progress without any visible start event. The normal feed-quality flag makes outright event loss unlikely but does not eliminate short posting delays."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-B",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — Evidence received at 12:16; review is likely in progress (~1 h 44 m elapsed). Low severity, no injury, high duplicate similarity (0.93), and near-complete evidence (0.98) make this a strong candidate for non-investigation closure after review.",
        "alternative": "S5 DISPOSITION_READY — If Evidence Review already completed and judged the evidence sufficient, the case may already be at disposition with a Close — No Safety Issue outcome pending logging.",
        "completed_obligations": [
          "Complaint Registered",
          "Initial Triage",
          "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "Evidence Received"
        ],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": [
          "Evidence Review (likely final cycle given 0.98 completeness and 0.93 duplicate similarity)"
        ]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.35, "high": 0.55},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence received at 12:16 with ~1 h 44 m elapsed against a 1–5 h window. The review task is in progress. Low complexity (single device, no injury, near-complete evidence) should make this a quick review, likely toward the lower end of the service distribution. This is the most probable next logged event."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Close — No Safety Issue",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.15, "high": 0.30},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "Low severity, no injury, 0.93 text similarity to a previously resolved duplicate, 0.98 evidence completeness, and single device. The DFG shows Evidence Review Completed  Close — No Safety Issue at 68/356  19 % of post-review transitions, but context heavily favors closure for this profile. If Evidence Review has already completed (possibly not yet logged), Close — No Safety Issue could be the very next event. However, the task is not process-enabled until Evidence Review completes its assessment."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.15},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "Evidence completeness is 0.98, making a third evidence cycle unlikely. The DFG Evidence Review  Customer Evidence Requested rate is ~28 %, but this typically occurs when evidence gaps remain. The high duplicate similarity may also reduce the need for additional evidence. Nevertheless, a reviewer might request confirmation that the duplicate resolution applies, so this remains a low-probability possibility."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Low severity and no injury satisfy Fast Close criteria (rule 2), though Fast Close itself is only available at S1; the analogous low-friction path at S3 is Close — No Safety Issue.",
        "0.93 text similarity to a previously resolved duplicate strongly suggests this complaint can be closed on the same basis.",
        "Evidence completeness 0.98 indicates near-total documentation; reviewer is unlikely to need more.",
        "Single device and no lot linkage eliminate Supplier Analysis and reduce investigation obligations.",
        "Feed quality is normal, so visible events are trustworthy."
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "Evidence Review has not yet been logged as completed; until it is, Close — No Safety Issue is not process-enabled.",
        "The 0.93 similarity to a prior duplicate is not 1.0 — the reviewer may see subtle differences requiring clarification.",
        "The evidence queue has 4 items and 2 reviewers, so this case may not be the next one reviewed."
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether the reviewer has already completed the assessment internally but the completion event has not yet posted.",
        "Whether the prior duplicate case was resolved with the same product and complaint type, making direct closure appropriate.",
        "Whether organizational policy requires a minimum evidence-review step even for apparent duplicates, adding mandatory processing time."
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "Log records completions only. Evidence Review may already be finished. The case was created today (within the 48 h migration window), but feed quality is flagged normal, so significant event loss is unlikely."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-C",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation completed at 11:45. Regulatory Assessment is a mandatory outstanding obligation: medium severity with a repeated-malfunction reportability signal (4 complaints sharing the same failure mode across lots) triggers rule 4. No Regulatory Assessment completion is visible.",
        "alternative": "S5 DISPOSITION_READY — If Regulatory Assessment has already been completed but not yet logged (2 h 15 m elapsed; DFG median is 5.0 h from Tech Investigation), the case may be awaiting disposition recording.",
        "completed_obligations": [
          "Complaint Registered",
          "Initial Triage",
          "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "Evidence Received",
          "Evidence Review Completed",
          "Technical Investigation Completed"
        ],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": [
          "Regulatory Assessment (mandatory: reportability signal from repeated malfunction, rule 4)",
          "Supplier Analysis status uncertain — same failure mode across 4 complaints but different lots; may implicate a common supplier component (rule 5)"
        ]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Regulatory Assessment Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.30, "high": 0.50},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Regulatory Assessment is mandatory and the sole visible remaining investigation obligation. Regulatory Assessment likely began either in parallel with Technical Investigation or shortly after its completion. The queue has 12 items but is priority-ranked by reportability risk; a repeated-malfunction case with a plausible-but-unconfirmed root cause should receive elevated priority. Two h 15 m have elapsed; the DFG shows Tech Investigation  Regulatory Assessment median 5 h, but assignment may have occurred earlier. The task is likely in progress."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Disposition Recorded",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.10, "high": 0.22},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "The DFG shows Technical Investigation Completed  Disposition Recorded at 119 count (median 2.6 h). If Regulatory Assessment already completed (possible at 2 h 15 m if it started early), Disposition could be recorded imminently. However, all mandatory investigation obligations must be verified complete first. The task is not process-enabled until Regulatory Assessment is confirmed complete."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Authority Notification",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.05, "high": 0.18},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "Country rule states repeated malfunction can be reportable even without injury. If Regulatory Assessment concludes 'reportable,' Authority Notification must precede closure (rule 6). The 16:00 batch transmission window is 2 h away. If Disposition is recorded before 16:00 with a reportable finding, the notification could go in today's batch. This creates a narrow timing window but is a meaningful possibility."
          }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Technical Investigation Completed at 11:45 confirms one of the two mandatory investigations (rule 4) is done.",
        "Repeated malfunction across 4 complaints with 'plausible but not confirmed' root cause creates a clear reportability signal, making Regulatory Assessment non-optional.",
        "The separate country rule on repeated malfunction elevates the probability of a 'reportable' conclusion from Regulatory Assessment.",
        "Feed quality is normal, so the absence of a Regulatory Assessment completion event is reliable evidence that it has not yet been logged.",
        "The queue has 12 items but priority-based scheduling should move reportability-risk cases forward."
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "12 items in the Regulatory Assessment queue is a heavy backlog; even with priority, assignment and completion could take 2–14 h.",
        "The technical conclusion is 'plausible but not confirmed,' which could lead to a 'not reportable' finding, reducing the likelihood of Authority Notification.",
        "If Supplier Analysis is also required (uncertain — same failure mode but different lots), it could further delay Disposition."
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Regulatory Assessment has already been assigned and started; no start event is visible, but the log records only completions.",
        "Whether the 4-complaint failure-mode pattern has been escalated to a cross-case investigation that might change the regulatory assessment timeline.",
        "Whether Supplier Analysis is required under rule 5 — if a common supplier component (not just lot) is implicated, it becomes mandatory and Disposition must wait.",
        "Whether the 'plausible but not confirmed' root cause will lead to a reportable or non-reportable regulatory determination."
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "Log records completions only; Regulatory Assessment may already be in progress without a visible start event. Feed quality is normal for this case (created yesterday, beyond the most migration-sensitive window), so the absence of a Regulatory Assessment completion event is trustworthy."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-D",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — Technical Investigation completed at 13:05. Regulatory Assessment is in progress per a separate worklist snapshot (R-R2 opened the case at 12:40). No completion event exists yet. The evidence-request/received events are absent from the analytical log despite a customer attachment in the source system, consistent with migration-related feed delay.",
        "alternative": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — If the missing Evidence Requested and Evidence Received events reflect actual process gaps (not just feed delay), the case may still be awaiting evidence review. However, the existence of a customer attachment and the fact that Technical Investigation has already completed make this less likely than the primary interpretation.",
        "completed_obligations": [
          "Complaint Registered",
          "Initial Triage",
          "Technical Investigation Completed"
        ],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": [
          "Customer Evidence Requested (likely occurred but not logged — migration-affected feed, attachment exists in source)",
          "Evidence Received (likely occurred but not logged — migration-affected feed, attachment exists in source)",
          "Evidence Review (may have occurred — path could be Triage  Investigation without evidence cycle, or evidence cycle was completed and migration-delayed)",
          "Regulatory Assessment (confirmed in progress: R-R2 at 12:40, mandatory per rule 4: high severity + injury)"
        ]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Regulatory Assessment Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.22, "high": 0.40},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "R-R2 is confirmed working on this case since 12:40 (1 h 20 m ago). The worklist snapshot is independent evidence not subject to the migration-affected analytical feed. With high severity and injury, this case should receive priority in the regulatory queue. Typical completion is 2–14 h after assignment; at 1 h 20 m, early completion is possible but not certain. The task is definitely in progress."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.15, "high": 0.28},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "The customer attachment exists in the source system but no Evidence Requested or Evidence Received events appear in the analytical log. The feed is flagged migration-affected (8–15 % of events delayed up to 6 h). The complaint was registered at 08:20; if Evidence Requested occurred at, say, 09:00, the 6 h delay window opens at 15:00 — close to current time. This event has very likely already occurred in reality; its appearance in the log is a migration-recovery event, not a new process action. The task is process-enabled because it has likely already been executed."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Disposition Recorded",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.08, "high": 0.18},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "If Regulatory Assessment completes and all other mandatory obligations are satisfied, Disposition can be recorded. With high severity and injury, the likely disposition paths are Corrective Action Opened or Authority Notification if reportable. The DFG shows Regulatory Assessment Completed  Disposition Recorded at 108 count (median 2.2 h). However, Regulatory Assessment must complete first, and evidence review status is uncertain."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "R-R2 opened the case at 12:40 per a separate worklist snapshot — independent confirmation that Regulatory Assessment is in progress, not reliant on the migration-affected analytical feed.",
        "Customer attachment exists in the source system, strongly suggesting Customer Evidence Requested and Evidence Received occurred but were lost or delayed in migration.",
        "High severity with injury mandates both Technical Investigation (done) and Regulatory Assessment (in progress) per rule 4.",
        "Technical Investigation Completed at 13:05 is a late-stage milestone; the case is well advanced in the process.",
        "Migration-affected flag explicitly acknowledges 8–15 % event delay for cases created in the last 48 h (this case was created today at 08:20)."
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "No Customer Evidence Requested or Evidence Received event appears despite a customer attachment — the migration delay explanation is probable but not certain; the evidence events may genuinely not have occurred if investigation started directly from triage.",
        "Regulatory Assessment started only 1 h 20 m ago; the 2–14 h completion range means it may not finish for many hours.",
        "Evidence Review completion status is completely unknown — if it has not occurred, Disposition cannot be recorded even after Regulatory Assessment completes.",
        "Feed quality is migration-affected, so any event that does surface may arrive out of chronological order."
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Evidence Requested and Evidence Received truly occurred (attachment suggests yes) or whether the case went directly from Triage to Investigation without an evidence cycle.",
        "Whether Evidence Review has been completed — if evidence events are migration-delayed, Evidence Review Completed may also be delayed.",
        "Whether R-R2's regulatory assessment will conclude 'reportable' (high severity + injury makes this likely) or 'not reportable.'",
        "The precise timing of migration-delayed event recovery — events could surface at any point within the 6 h delay window.",
        "Whether the batch Authority Notification at 16:00 today is reachable if Disposition is recorded before then."
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "This case has a migration-affected feed flag. An estimated 8–15 % of task-completion events may be delayed by up to 6 h. The absence of Customer Evidence Requested, Evidence Received, and Evidence Review Completed events is NOT reliable evidence that those tasks did not occur. The separate worklist snapshot (R-R2 at 12:40) is the strongest evidence about current state because it bypasses the analytical feed."
    },
    {
      "case_id": "C6-E",
      "latent_state": {
        "primary": "S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW — Second Evidence Received at 13:20 (only 40 min ago). Evidence Review for the second cycle is likely still queued or just starting. Evidence completeness is 0.72, suggesting a third cycle is possible.",
        "alternative": "S4 INVESTIGATION_FORK_OPEN — If Supplier Analysis has been initiated due to the lot being linked to 6 complaints (rule 5 mandatory trigger), investigation obligations may already be open alongside the pending evidence review.",
        "completed_obligations": [
          "Complaint Registered",
          "Initial Triage",
          "Customer Evidence Requested (1st cycle)",
          "Evidence Received (1st cycle)",
          "Evidence Review Completed (1st cycle)",
          "Customer Evidence Requested (2nd cycle)",
          "Evidence Received (2nd cycle)"
        ],
        "open_or_suspected_obligations": [
          "Evidence Review (2nd cycle, just received 40 min ago)",
          "Supplier Analysis (mandatory per rule 5: lot linked to 6 complaints)",
          "Possible 3rd evidence cycle (completeness only 0.72)",
          "Disposition (must wait for Supplier Analysis completion per rule 5)"
        ]
      },
      "predictions": [
        {
          "rank": 1,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Evidence Review Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.28, "high": 0.48},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Evidence was received only 40 min ago. The DFG median is 2.8 h, and operational service time is 1–5 h. With 4 items in the queue and 2 active reviewers, this case may be reviewed within 1–3 h. The second evidence package contains a supplier certificate and photographs — concrete items that may expedite the review. This is the most direct next event in the flow."
        },
        {
          "rank": 2,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Customer Evidence Requested",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.12, "high": 0.25},
          "process_enabled": false,
          "reasoning": "Evidence completeness is only 0.72 after two cycles, and the DFG shows a 101/356  28 % loop-back rate from Evidence Review to Customer Evidence Requested. The reviewer may require additional documentation, especially given the lot linkage to 6 complaints — more detail on the lot history, supplier component traceability, or failure-mode analysis may be needed. The second evidence package focuses on supplier certificates and photos, which may not fully address the lot-implication questions. This event is not process-enabled until Evidence Review completes."
        },
        {
          "rank": 3,
          "next_logged_activity_or_termination": "Supplier Analysis Completed",
          "probability_range": {"low": 0.06, "high": 0.16},
          "process_enabled": true,
          "reasoning": "Rule 5 mandates Supplier Analysis when two or more related complaints concern the same lot or supplier component. With 6 complaints linked to this lot, the obligation is unambiguous and should have been triggered when the lot linkage was recognized. Typical completion is 6–36 h with 3 items currently in the queue. The case is only ~28 h old, so the analysis may have been initiated but is unlikely to be near completion. However, it is process-enabled because the triggering condition is met and the task may already be in progress."
        }
      ],
      "supporting_evidence": [
        "Second evidence package contains supplier certificate and photographs, which are directly relevant to the lot-implication concern and may accelerate review.",
        "Lot is linked to 6 complaints — this unambiguously triggers mandatory Supplier Analysis under rule 5.",
        "Low severity and no injury reduce urgency for other investigation paths but do not eliminate the Supplier Analysis obligation.",
        "Feed quality is normal, so the absence of investigation events is reliable.",
        "Two prior evidence cycles indicate active engagement; the reviewer is familiar with the case."
      ],
      "contradicting_evidence": [
        "Evidence completeness is only 0.72 after two cycles — a third evidence request remains plausible, extending the evidence-review loop before any other activity.",
        "Supplier Analysis typical completion is 6–36 h; even if initiated, completion within the near term is unlikely.",
        "No Supplier Analysis start or completion event is visible, so it is uncertain whether the obligation has been formally triggered in the workflow system.",
        "The evidence was received only 40 min ago, so Evidence Review has had very little time to process."
      ],
      "unknowns": [
        "Whether Supplier Analysis has been formally initiated in the workflow system — the 6-complaint lot linkage should trigger it, but manual initiation may lag.",
        "Whether the reviewer will judge the supplier certificate and photographs sufficient or will request additional evidence (completeness 0.72 is ambiguous).",
        "Whether the lot-linked complaints have been consolidated into a single investigation, which could accelerate timelines.",
        "Whether low severity will be reassessed given the 6-complaint lot pattern — this could escalate the case and change the investigation obligations."
      ],
      "observation_model_caveat": "The case was created yesterday at 10:00, placing it within the 48 h migration-affected window. However, feed quality is flagged normal for this case, suggesting migration issues are minimal or already resolved. The log records task completions; Supplier Analysis may be in progress without any visible start event. The 40-min gap since Evidence Received means most downstream tasks have not had time to complete."
    }
  ],
  "cross_case_discussion": {
    "same_prefix_different_state": "C6-A and C6-B share an identical event prefix (Complaint Registered  Initial Triage  Customer Evidence Requested  Evidence Received) and both are in S3 EVIDENCE_REVIEW at 14:00. A purely DFG-based, prefix-matching approach would assign them similar successor probabilities because the historical transitions from Evidence Received do not condition on case attributes. However, the cases diverge fundamentally in process obligations. C6-A (High severity, injury, two devices from the same lot, 3 similar complaints) must pass through Technical Investigation, Regulatory Assessment, and Supplier Analysis before any disposition is possible — the process is far from termination. C6-B (Low severity, no injury, 0.93 duplicate similarity, 0.98 evidence completeness) may close as Close — No Safety Issue immediately after Evidence Review, with no investigation obligations. The severity, injury status, lot linkage, and complaint history create a structural difference in the set of mandatory future activities that no amount of DFG frequency analysis can recover from the prefix alone. Forecasting models that ignore case attributes will systematically under-predict closure speed for C6-B and under-predict investigation depth for C6-A.",
    "main_ambiguity_sources": [
      "Evidence Review completion latency: In C6-A, C6-B, and C6-E, Evidence Review is likely in progress but not yet logged. Whether it completes in the next hour or in 4 h changes the timing of all downstream events.",
      "Migration-affected feed in C6-D: The absence of Evidence Requested and Evidence Received events could reflect genuine process gaps or feed delay. This fundamentally changes whether the case is in S3 or S4.",
      "Supplier Analysis initiation timing: In C6-A and C6-E, lot linkages mandate Supplier Analysis, but no start event is visible. Whether it has been initiated affects whether its completion is hours or days away.",
      "Regulatory Assessment outcome uncertainty: In C6-C and C6-D, the regulatory conclusion (reportable vs. not reportable) determines whether Authority Notification is required, which interacts with the 16:00 batch deadline.",
      "Queue dynamics and priority: The investigation queues (Technical Investigation: 7 items, 2/3 engineers; Regulatory Assessment: 12 items, priority-based) create significant variance in completion times that static DFG medians cannot capture."
    ],
    "dfg_limitations": "The historical DFG reports observational frequencies from 1,000 prior cases without conditioning on severity, injury, lot linkage, or queue state. It cannot distinguish High-severity investigation paths from Low-severity quick closures that share the same prefix. The DFG also does not capture the current queue congestion (7 investigation items, 12 regulatory items), the loss of one-third of investigation engineering capacity, or the priority-based (non-FIFO) scheduling of Regulatory Assessment. Furthermore, the DFG aggregates over historical periods that may not reflect current staffing levels or the migration-affected feed quality. Using the DFG as a direct probability source would over-estimate the likelihood of fast transitions for queued cases and under-estimate the likelihood of delayed transitions for priority-overtaken cases. The DFG is most useful as a baseline for median transition times and as a check on whether a proposed next event is structurally possible, not as a calibrated probability estimator for individual cases.",
    "calibration_and_uncertainty_note": "Probability intervals are deliberately wide (typical span of 0.15–0.25 between low and high) to reflect genuine uncertainty from three compounding sources: (1) process uncertainty — which obligations are mandatory and which optional paths will be taken; (2) temporal uncertainty — queue congestion, priority scheduling, and staffing variability make completion times highly variable; and (3) observational uncertainty — the migration-affected feed in C6-D and the completion-only logging model mean that the current event prefix may not reflect the true process state. The intervals are intended to bracket a plausible range given the available evidence, not to provide precise calibrated probabilities. The midpoints are ordered coherently within each case (rank 1 > rank 2 > rank 3) but are not constrained to sum to 1 because unlisted alternative events (e.g., a severity reassessment, a process error, or a system reassignment) account for residual probability mass."
  }
}
```