<think>
This is a complex process mining task that requires me to:

1. Analyze observed variants and build three candidate process models (conservative, balanced, permissive)
2. Use PM4Py's ProcessTree and/or POWL structures
3. Provide extensive documentation including evidence analysis, validation code, and recommendations

Let me work through this systematically.

First, let me analyze the observed variants:

**Variant frequencies:**
1. (12×) Register Order  Credit Check  Engineering Review  Supplier Confirmation  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case
2. (7×) Register Order  Engineering Review  Credit Check  Supplier Confirmation  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case


3. (4×) Register Order  Credit Check  Engineering Review  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case
4. (3×) Register Order  Engineering Review  Credit Check  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case
5. (2×) Register Order  Credit Check  Supplier Confirmation  Engineering Review  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case
6. (1×) Register Order  Credit Check  Engineering Review  Supplier Confirmation  Expedite Review  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case
7. (1×) Register Order  Engineering Review  Credit Check  Expedite Review  Supplier Confirmation  Approve Configuration  Release Production  Archive Case

Looking at the patterns across all 30 cases, Register Order and Archive Case are fixed anchors, with Release Production always triggering Approve Configuration. The Credit Check and Engineering Review activities appear to run concurrently before proceeding to approval, though their relative ordering varies. Supplier Confirmation shows up in most paths but isn't universal, suggesting it's optional or triggered by specific conditions. The Expedite Review appears only in two variants and acts as an alternative step that can occur between the concurrent checks and final approval. Now I'm thinking through what distinguishes a conservative model that captures just these observed sequences versus a balanced approach that infers the underlying parallel structure.

For the conservative representation, I'd enumerate each observed variant as a discrete path choice. But that creates an issue with duplicate labels in PM4Py's process tree notation—the same activity appears multiple times across different branches, which isn't semantically correct even if it works syntactically. Let me reconsider how to handle this more cleanly.

Actually, I'm realizing the constraint that at least one model needs to be a ProcessTree and at least one needs to be POWL. For the conservative model as a ProcessTree with XOR enumeration, I'd be listing out each variant explicitly, but the duplicate activity labels become a real problem when the same activity (like Engineering Review) appears in multiple exclusive paths. I need to think about whether this approach actually makes sense or if I should use a different representation for the conservative model.

Let me step back and reconsider the variant structure more carefully. Looking at the patterns across the variants, I can see that Supplier Confirmation and Expedite Review aren't always present—they seem to be optional steps in some paths. Rather than treating each variant as a completely separate sequence, maybe I should model this more carefully by identifying which activities are mandatory versus optional, and then use the XOR to represent the different valid orderings of the core activities. I'm mapping out the full execution paths through the system, and I notice there are two additional rare variants that introduce the Expedite Review step—these represent alternative routing options where expedited processing is triggered after the initial credit and engineering reviews, with Supplier Confirmation either preceding or following the expedite approval. I'm examining the process structure with activity counts across different execution paths. The data shows various combinations of Credit Check, Engineering Review, Supplier Confirmation, and Expedite Review activities, with different frequencies for each variant.

I'm considering how to model this as a Process Tree using parallel activities for Credit Check and Engineering Review, followed by an XOR to handle whether Supplier Confirmation occurs, and then some logic for the Expedite Review. I'm realizing that using an XOR for the conservative model with repeated labels is simpler than trying to capture it cleanly in Process Tree notation, so I'll go with that approach and document the trade-offs around scalability and duplication.

Now I'm planning out the full implementation. For the balanced model, I need to represent the core structure: Register Order starts everything, then Credit Check and Engineering Review run in parallel, followed by a decision point where we either proceed directly to Approve Configuration or optionally add Supplier Confirmation (and potentially Expedite Review) before approval. After approval, Release Production and Archive Case finish the sequence.

For the permissive model, I'm allowing more flexibility—Credit Check and Engineering Review can still be parallel or sequential, Supplier Confirmation and Expedite Review are optional steps that can be skipped entirely, and the overall flow remains largely the same with these optional elements.

Now I'm thinking through the specific POWL and ProcessTree representations for each model. The main challenge is that in PM4Py's ProcessTree, once you use an XOR or sequence, you can't easily reuse the same activity multiple times without it appearing as separate nodes. For the conservative model, I'll enumerate all seven variant paths explicitly in an XOR structure. For the balanced model, I'm trying to express the parallelism between Credit Check and Engineering Review, followed by a choice between skipping Supplier Confirmation or including it before Approve Configuration. Looking at the variants more carefully, I see that Credit Check and Engineering Review alternate in order with Supplier Confirmation appearing afterward, which means they're not strictly concurrent. For the balanced model, I'll use a partial order to capture this more accurately rather than forcing a strict sequence.

Building the process structure with a partial order... I'm defining the POWL structure for the models now. For the permissive version, I'm setting up the transition elements and their precedence relationships to handle the various ordering possibilities with the Expedite Review step.

Now I'm reconsidering the conservative model—I need to use PM4Py's ProcessTree to handle the XOR logic properly. I'm enumerating all seven observed execution paths as a ProcessTree with the proper tree structure.

But I'm realizing there's a complication: PM4Py ProcessTree uses process tree semantics where each node instance is unique, so reusing the same activity label across different branches might not work as expected. For the permissive model using POWL, I'd need to carefully define transitions for each activity and ensure they're positioned correctly in the tree structure without causing semantic issues with the XOR operator. I'm realizing that in POWL, shared activities between XOR branches creates a semantic conflict—when one branch executes, the other's transitions can't run, even though they're supposed to represent the same activity. Let me reconsider how to properly structure this using POWL's actual design, where I should be using `StrictPartialOrder` to define precedence relationships and `OperatorPOWL` for XOR operations.

Building the permissive model... I'm realizing the POWL structure doesn't properly capture the constraint that both Credit Check and Engineering Review must complete before Supplier Confirmation or Expedite Review can start—I need to add explicit precedence edges from each of those to the subsequent activities to enforce the correct ordering. I need to reconsider the constraints more carefully. The compliance officer's statement clarifies that Expedite Review must happen after both principal checks finish, and while it can occur before or after Supplier Confirmation, it has to come before Approve Configuration. Looking at the variant data, the Expedite Review appears in different positions relative to Supplier Confirmation, which means both orderings are valid—I just need to ensure the precedence constraints are enforced: CC  ER  SC and CC  ER  ER  AC for both Supplier Confirmation and Expedite Review activities.  SC, and the variant (ER, CC, ER, SC, AC) doesn't occur.

Actually, looking at the variant with Expedite Review in position 5, Supplier Confirmation appears before it, so that path is (CC, ER, SC, ER, AC). Then I'm checking variant 7 which has (ER, CC, ER, SC, AC) — no Supplier Confirmation there. So the pattern I'm seeing is that in both paths with Expedite Review, either both Credit Check and Engineering Review finish first, or they're already complete before Supplier Confirmation starts.

The core constraint is: Expedite Review can only happen after both checks are done, and it must come before Approve Configuration. It doesn't need to wait for Supplier Confirmation, but if that's happening, Expedite Review can occur before or after it.

Now I'm thinking about how to model this. The conservative approach would be to only allow the exact variants we've observed, with each trace mapping to a specific path in the model. That's the safest strategy to avoid overfitting. The permissive model would let Expedite Review and Supplier Confirmation run in parallel as long as their constraints are satisfied.

For the process tree structure, I'm considering a sequence with a loop at the end to capture the basic flow, but I'm realizing that approach might not correctly represent the dependencies between the activities. I need to think through how to structure the operators to maintain the proper ordering constraints while keeping the model clean.

The core issue is that Credit Check and Engineering Review can happen in either order, which creates a choice between two execution paths. I could model this as a sequence of two XOR operators—first deciding which activity comes first, then deciding which comes second. This captures the ordering flexibility while ensuring both activities always execute. The challenge is that this still doesn't fully represent the concurrency model, where these activities could genuinely overlap rather than strictly alternating.

For the balanced approach, I think I need to accept that a ProcessTree will have some inherent limitations in representing true partial orders. I'll structure it as a sequence starting with the initial task, followed by an XOR that captures the different ordering possibilities for the two main checks, then handle the conditional approval activities, and finish with the standard closing sequence. This gives me a reasonable middle ground between simplicity and accuracy.

Actually, I'm reconsidering whether to just use POWL for all three models instead. That would give me cleaner representations across the board, especially for the balanced case where the ProcessTree notation gets messy. But the constraint says at least one needs to be a ProcessTree, so I should stick with ProcessTree for the conservative model where I can cleanly enumerate all the observed variants, and use POWL for both balanced and permissive approaches.

Let me verify the structural requirements are satisfied: the conservative model as a ProcessTree covers the first requirement, and the balanced model as POWL covers the second. The permissive model can also be POWL since we've already met the ProcessTree requirement.

Now I need to work through the evidence ledger carefully.

Generating evidence table...

I'm realizing the key issue: the DFG traces show activity orderings but not actual concurrency—it's possible these tasks could run in parallel or with overlap. The fact that CC precedes ER in one direction and ER precedes CC in the opposite direction doesn't necessarily mean they're alternating; it could reflect different completion sequences from concurrent execution. I need to account for this ambiguity in my model rather than assuming strict sequential behavior. Now I'm laying out the core assumptions that all three models share: register order and archive case bookend every case, release production always follows approval, and the logged order reflects completion times not actual sequence, so true concurrency remains unclear. Credit check and engineering review both happen before approval, expedite review is optional and occurs before approval, and all models must be sound and free of deadlocks. Supplier confirmation is optional—it can be skipped when using stocked components—so it doesn't require credit check or engineering review as prerequisites.

Looking at the actual trace data, supplier confirmation appears in 26 out of 30 cases, which is higher than the 5-10% skip rate we'd expect from inventory availability alone. This suggests some cases with missing supplier confirmation events might be hiding the true frequency, so I need to account for that potential undercount in my model design.

Now I'm planning the implementation approach: I'll build a ProcessTree for the conservative model that enumerates all variants, a POWL model for the balanced approach with parallel activities, and another POWL model for the permissive version that allows more flexibility in the workflow.

Before diving into the code, I need to be careful about how PM4Py handles transitions with the same activity label—each one gets a unique ID internally, but I'll need to explicitly create separate `Transition` objects with distinct IDs while assigning them the same label so the framework recognizes them as the same activity.

For the conservative model, I can structure this as a single sequence with an XOR branching point that lists all seven observed variants, each containing the complete trace from register to archive.

The balanced model takes a different approach: it starts with registration, then uses an XOR to handle two parallel execution paths—one where credit check finishes before engineering review, and another where engineering review completes first—followed by another XOR that either includes or excludes supplier confirmation and expedite review, before finally approving and releasing production.

Now for the permissive model, I need to add more flexibility to the middle section. After registration, I'm setting up a partial order where credit check and engineering review can run concurrently, then both must finish before supplier confirmation or expedite review can proceed, and both of those must complete before approval.

I'm realizing the precedence constraints need to be clearer—approval should wait for both supplier confirmation and expedite review, but only if they're actually executed. I should also double-check the variant data to confirm whether expedite review ever appears without supplier confirmation, and verify that expedite review consistently comes before approval in the traces.

Looking at the compliance officer's statement, expedite review requires both credit check and engineering review to finish first, but it's optional for orders that don't need expediting. For orders that do require it, the timing relative to supplier confirmation is flexible as long as it happens before approval. So I need to model this as a decision point where expedite review either gets skipped entirely or executed, with appropriate precedence constraints in each case.

Building the process model... Building the process model structure...

Now I'm adding the ordering constraints—credit check and engineering review must both finish before either supplier confirmation or expedite review can begin, and then both of those must complete before approval.

I'm reconsidering the expedite review constraint though. If expedite review is skipped via the XOR operator, should approval still require it? The key insight is that approval only needs to wait for whatever path actually executes, so I need to make sure the precedence from expedite review to approval doesn't create a deadlock when expedite is bypassed. XOR operator in POWL works:
- In PM4Py's POWL, XOR is an `OperatorPOWL(Operator.XOR, [child1, child2])`
- When XOR executes, exactly one child executes
- If the silent tau transition executes (child2), the expedite review part doesn't run at all
- So the precedence constraint from expedite_review to approve_config only applies when expedite_review actually executes

Wait, but in a StrictPartialOrder, all nodes are part of the partial order. The XOR is a node that either produces expedite_review or tau. The precedence constraint from expedite_review to approve_config means that if expedite_review executes, it must complete before approve_config. If expedite_review doesn't execute (because tau executes in the XOR), the constraint is vacuously satisfied.

Actually, I need to think through the semantics more carefully. In POWL, nodes with no incoming edges can start immediately, and nodes with no outgoing edges finish the process. When I add a precedence edge from expedite_review to approve_config, it creates a dependency—if the XOR chooses tau instead of expedite_review, then expedite_review never executes, but approve_config still needs to satisfy its other precedence constraints from sc and both cc and er.

The key question is whether approve_config can execute even if expedite_review is skipped. In a well-formed POWL, a node can execute once all its direct predecessors have executed. If expedite_review never executes, then the edge from expedite_review to approve_config shouldn't block approve_config from running—unless the POWL semantics require all predecessors to have completed, which would create a deadlock if expedite_review is skipped.

I need to clarify how PM4Py handles this: does a precedence edge mean the target must wait for the source to complete, or does it only apply when the source actually executes? a source node. In StrictPartialOrder, edges define "must happen before" relationships. If expedite_review doesn't execute at all (because it's behind a XOR that chose tau), then it's not a node that needs to execute.

I think the correct interpretation is:
- If expedite_review executes, it must happen before approve_config
- If expedite_review doesn't execute, the constraint is irrelevant- approve_config just needs sc (and cc, er transitively) to execute before it

OK, I think my approach is correct. Let me also consider adding precedence from expedite_review to sc for the case where expedite_review happens before sc (variant 7). But actually, S6 says expedite_review can happen before or after sc, so I shouldn't add sc  expedite_review or expedite_review  sc. Both are valid orderings.

For the permissive model, I need to handle both orderings explicitly. I could use a choice operator between two partial orders—one with expedite_review before sc and another with it after—but that's getting complicated. The permissive model should allow reasonable but unobserved combinations, so I need to be careful about what orderings to permit. Looking at the domain rules, D3 indicates cc and er both complete before approve_config, D4 says sc (when required) must precede approve_config, D5 suggests cc and er can start before both are finished, and D6 indicates expedite_review is optional and requires both checks.

Actually, I realize there's a conflict: if expedite_review and sc are in a partial order with no ordering constraint between them, they can execute in either order, but that creates ambiguity about when they can start relative to each other. I need to reconsider the constraints more carefully.

Let me step back and focus on the conservative model approach. I'll construct a ProcessTree that represents the simplest valid model consistent with the data, then build out the balanced and permissive versions.

For the process tree structure, I'm building a sequence with an XOR split that enumerates all observed execution variants, then concluding with the standard release and archival steps. Now I'm working through the branching structure—the XOR node needs to capture three main paths: one where expedite review happens before supplier confirmation, another where it happens after, and a third where expedite review is skipped entirely. This maps to how the activities can be ordered in the trace, with supplier confirmation and expedite review being optional but constrained relative to each other and the approval step. Writing validation code... as much of the actual PM4Py API as possible, handle errors gracefully, and note limitations where the API doesn't support exhaustive comparison of infinite language models. Let me verify the trace paths match the model specifications and check that the observed traces are actually admitted by the model's structure. Traces 5 through 7 show different orderings of the middle activities, all ending with approval, release, and archival. The key insight is that in a partial order without explicit constraints between SC and the other checks, both orderings are valid. I'm now wondering about traces that skip SC entirely—do those paths exist in the model, and if so, are they explicitly represented or just implicitly possible through the structure?

Looking at the seven traces, none actually skip SC while having both CC and ER present in the standard order. The model as written always includes SC after both checks complete, which means traces with both activities but no SC aren't being generated. I need to reconsider whether SC is truly mandatory or if there's a branching path I'm missing that would allow both CC and ER to proceed directly to approval without the supplier confirmation step. I'm realizing the POWL structure needs to account for whether Supplier Confirmation gets skipped entirely. If SC is mandatory after both checks, then I can't have a path where it's omitted. But looking at traces 3 and 4, they run from ER directly to approval without SC, which means the model needs an alternative path that bypasses SC altogether. Looking at the optionality patterns, Supplier Confirmation appears in 26 of 30 cases, so it's not truly optional like Expedite Review is. I need to model this as a choice between including or excluding SC rather than always including it. Let me rebuild the POWL structure with an XOR that branches between a path with SC and a path without it, where both branches can include optional Expedite Review.

Building the POWL model...

But wait—this structure doesn't actually capture all the observed variants correctly. The model forces CC and ER to always run concurrently, which creates ambiguity about execution order: should I interpret CC before ER as one path and ER before CC as another, or treat them as truly concurrent? The issue is that even if the traces show different orderings, the model might be generating those orderings from the same concurrent structure rather than representing them as separate paths.

I need to step back and think through the process model semantics more carefully. In a StrictPartialOrder, the lack of ordering between CC and ER means they're concurrent—either order is valid. But in a ProcessTree, the XOR structure would force a specific choice. I should probably use a partial order for the core activities and then XOR for the optional paths, rather than trying to force everything into one structure.

The key issue is that a pure partial order with CC and ER concurrent doesn't capture traces5 and 2, where SC appears between them. I need either separate paths in the partial order (which gets messy) or a different approach that allows for those interleavings while keeping the model clean and explainable.

Let me think about this more carefully: if CC and ER are truly concurrent, then any ordering of activities from {CC, ER} is valid, which means traces5 and 2 should naturally emerge without special handling. The constraint is just that both must complete before SC and AC.

Wait, I see the issue now. In the model I have, the partial order requires CC and ER to complete before SC starts, but within that constraint, they can execute in any order—CC then ER, ER then CC, or even in parallel. So SC can fire as soon as both finish, which means SC would come after whichever one finishes last. That's why the model generates all three valid orderings: CC, ER, SC and ER, CC, SC are both allowed.

But looking back at variant 5, the trace shows CC, SC, ER, AC—SC appears between CC and ER, which violates the precedence constraint that SC must come after both CC and ER complete. That shouldn't happen in this model.

Unless... the system logged CC and SC before ER even started, meaning ER hadn't actually begun yet. But that doesn't match the DFG data showing SC before ER with count 2, which would represent this exact variant. If the model enforces both CC and ER must precede SC, then SC can't legally fire until after both are done. Either the model is wrong about the constraints, or there's something about the partial order semantics I'm misunderstanding—maybe activity labels can repeat in ways that create this situation. I'm realizing there's a contradiction in my model: it claims SC can't fire until both CC and ER complete, yet the logs show SC firing before ER finishes. The D5 rule about "enough information" suggests the constraint might be more nuanced than a simple all-predecessors-must-complete rule, but I need to figure out whether the process mining tool actually supports that level of complexity or if I'm misunderstanding the model structure. The core tension is that S2 suggests these could be concurrent activities, while S1 implies a strict sequential order. Reconciling this is tricky—they could be mostly concurrent with some cases that wait for CC to finish first, or there's a misinterpretation of what S1 actually means. I'll take the balanced approach: treat them as concurrent in principle, acknowledge that some traces might reflect business constraints or logging quirks, and note that the dataset may be incomplete or noisy, which could explain the variant5 discrepancy.

Now I'm reconsidering the structure of variant 5 itself. If CC and ER are truly concurrent, then CC starts at time 0, SC starts whenever CC completes (say at time 1), and ER starts at time 0.5 but doesn't finish until time 3, so the logged order would be CC  SC  ER, which matches what I'm seeing in the traces.

For the permissive model, I should allow SC to initiate once enough information is available—either after CC alone completes or after both CC and ER complete. This gives me a model with three execution paths: SC waits for both checks, SC waits for just CC, or SC is skipped entirely.

Building the process model... I'm tracing through how the XOR gate affects the precedence constraints. The gate creates a branch between exp_review and tau, but the edge from er to exp_review means er must complete before exp_review can execute—tau doesn't bypass this requirement since it's not in the precedence chain. Once both CC and ER finish, the model can either skip to AC directly or trigger exp_review, but if it chooses exp_review, er's constraint must be satisfied first.  exp_review. Wait, but the XOR means either exp_review or tau, not both. If tau executes, exp_review doesn't execute at all, so the constraint er  exp_review isn't violated—it's just not triggered. I need to be clearer about how POWL semantics handle this: a node executes when all its predecessors are done, except for XOR children which only the chosen branch executes.

Now I'm working through the precedence logic for approve_config. It has no incoming edges, so it could theoretically start immediately, but it needs to wait for at least sc, and possibly exp_review depending on which branch was chosen. If the XOR chose tau, then exp_review never executed, so approve_config doesn't need to wait for it. But if exp_review was chosen, then approve_config must wait for it to finish first. I'm trying to figure out whether approve_config should explicitly depend on the XOR result or if the precedence from exp_review is sufficient. So the issue is that if the XOR node doesn't block approve_config, it can execute while the XOR is still deciding between exp_review and tau—which breaks the intended ordering where approve_config should only run after one of those branches completes. I need to make sure the XOR node itself has outgoing edges to enforce this dependency, or restructure how the precedence constraints work. I'm realizing the core issue: with no edge between the XOR and approve_config, they're concurrent in the partial order, so approve_config can fire whenever its predecessors complete, regardless of which XOR branch executes. The precedence constraint from exp_review only matters if that branch actually runs, but if tau runs instead, approve_config can start immediately after sc—and if exp_review does run, approve_config waits for it. This actually seems correct, but I need to verify the semantics are sound.

For the precedence edge from exp_review to approve_config, it doesn't create a deadlock when tau runs because exp_review simply never executes, so the edge never triggers. However, I should check whether edge constraints are strict in the model or only apply to nodes that actually fire. Let me simplify the permissive model and focus on getting the logic right rather than getting lost in the technical details.

I'm structuring it with StrictPartialOrder for the main sequence: register_order at the start, then CC and ER running concurrently, followed by an XOR between sc_waits (which requires both CC and ER) and sc_skipped, then another XOR for the expedite review path, and finally approve_config, release_production, and archive_case. The critical issue is that approve_config needs to wait for both the expedite review (if executed) and the sc_waits branch (if that path was taken), but without explicit precedence edges, approve_config could start before these dependencies complete.

I'm realizing that in StrictPartialOrder, dependencies only work for executed nodes. When sc_skipped fires instead of sc_waits, the edge from sc_waits to approve_config is irrelevant since sc_waits never ran. Similarly, if tau executes instead of exp_review, the edge from exp_review to approve_config doesn't apply. So I need to add edges from both sc_waits and exp_review to approve_config to handle the cases where they do execute, plus edges from CC and ER to sc_waits and from CC and ER to exp_review to ensure those dependencies are properly respected.

Now I'm checking the edge structure: sc_waits depends on both CC and ER, exp_review depends on CC and ER, approve_config depends on sc_waits and exp_review. When the XOR for sc fires, either sc_waits or tau runs; if tau runs, approve_config starts when exp_review completes; if sc_waits runs, approve_config waits for both sc_waits and exp_review to finish.

The same logic applies to the expedite XOR. The structure is sound because there are no cycles, so execution can proceed without deadlocking. I think I've got the permissive model working correctly.

Now I need to implement the validation code that reconstructs the 30-case event log from the variants, converts each candidate model to a Petri net, runs soundness checks, computes fitness and precision metrics, and tests against a manually defined trace suite.

I'm also trying to figure out the correct ProcessTree representation for the conservative model—specifically whether XOR sequences can handle duplicate labels or if each variant needs to be a complete sequence from start to end.

Looking at the PM4Py documentation, each node in a ProcessTree is unique, but multiple nodes can share the same label, so I can reuse labels like "CC" across different variants within the XOR operator.

Now I'm checking the correct constructor syntax for Transition objects and verifying the available methods for the StrictPartialOrder class. I'm realizing that Transition objects need explicit node IDs to be distinguishable, otherwise they'd have identical attributes. For the balanced model using POWL, I'll create separate Transition instances with distinct IDs for each node, even when they represent the same activity like Credit Check or Engineering Review appearing in different execution paths.

Now I'm ready to write out the full implementation. I need to handle how to properly represent the Sequence operator in the ProcessTree and set up the validation code to work with pm4py's capabilities for soundness checking and fitness computation. I'm checking the ProcessTree constructor signature in PM4Py—it accepts an operator type and an optional list of children. For the sequence structure, I'll wrap all seven variants in an XOR node, where each variant itself is a sequence of the individual activities.

Since Transition objects need unique node identifiers to avoid identity conflicts, I'll create distinct Transition instances for each activity in every variant, even when they represent the same activity label. This way, each node in the tree has a unique identity while still sharing the same activity name.

Now I'm constructing the full process tree with the seven variants, each as a sequence of transitions, all nested under a single XOR operator. I'm realizing that Transition objects need unique integer node_ids to function properly in the tree structure, since they use object identity for comparison. Now I'm setting up helper functions to generate unique identifiers and create Transition instances with properly assigned node_ids, then building out the seven variant sequences with their respective activities.

I'm constructing a conservative model that wraps all seven variants into an XOR operator at the root level, with each variant as a sequential branch containing the complete path from register_order through to archive_case. Now I'm setting up the POWL balanced model with a sequence structure where the first element is a partial order containing the concurrent execution paths for CC and ER, followed by an XOR branching point that handles either the expedite review or supplier confirmation paths, and finally the standard approval, release, and archive sequence.

I'm realizing there's a potential issue with node ID reuse across different POWL models—the node_id counter is global, so I need to make sure each Transition gets a unique ID even when representing the same activity label in different models. Let me verify the API requirements to ensure I'm following the correct constructor patterns for both ProcessTree and POWL objects. Now I'm setting up the helper functions to manage node IDs and create Transition objects with proper metadata, then building out the ProcessTree structure with a sequence for variant 1 that chains together all the activity transitions. Building out the process tree structure with multiple variants and combining them into an XOR gate that represents all the different execution paths through the workflow. Setting up the node structure for the balanced model...

Now I'm defining the Transition nodes for the configuration approval process and building out the Partial Order Workflow Language model with sequencing constraints. I'm realizing there's a constraint issue with my POWL model—the edge structure prevents certain execution orderings that should be valid. The cc_to_sc edge forces CC to complete before SC starts, but I need to allow paths where SC happens between CC and ER, not just after both finish. Let me trace through the logic: if CC must precede SC, and ER must precede SC, then SC can't execute until both are done, which blocks the cc_sc_er order I'm trying to support. This reveals a fundamental conflict with variant 5, where the expected path CC, SC, ER, AC doesn't align with my current constraints. variant 5 is actually compatible with the model if I consider that CC and ER could be concurrent, and SC fires right after CC completes while ER is still running. So the logged order CC, SC, ER reflects concurrent execution with completion timing—this works under the POWL model if CC and ER are truly parallel rather than sequential.

Now I'm looking at variant 7, which has an ER node appearing before the expedite review, and I need to figure out what that structure is actually representing in the trace.

The issue is that if expedite_review depends on both CC and ER completing, but the logged order shows ER firing before both checks finish, there's a conflict with the model constraints. The question becomes whether expedite_review should only require CC to complete, or if the model needs to be more flexible about when expedite_review can fire. if expedite_review can start after CC alone? S6 says it requires both CC and ER. But in variant 7, it seems to fire before ER completes.

Hmm, variant 7: RE, ER, CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR. If CC and ER are concurrent, then ER might have started at time 0 and completed at time 2. CC started at time 0.5 and completed at time 1. So ER  CC in the log (ER finished last, but started first... no, the log shows ER before CC, which means ER finished first).

Wait, I'm confused. Let me re-read the variant:
1 × Register Order, Engineering Review, Credit Check, Expedite Review, Supplier Confirmation, Approve Configuration, Release Production, Archive Case

So the order is: RE, ER, CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR.

If ER finishes before CC, and exp_review needs both CC and ER done, then exp_review can fire after CC completes. But the logged order shows ER between RE and CC. If ER finishes before CC, then the trace RE, ER, CC is ER finishing first. So after CC finishes, both checks are done. Then exp_review can fire.

OK so this is consistent! In concurrent execution:
- ER starts and finishes first
- CC starts and finishes second (after ER)
- Then exp_review fires (both checks done)

The logged order: RE, ER, CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR makes sense if:
- ER completes at time 1
- CC completes at time 2
- ER fires at time 2.5 (both checks done)
- SC fires at time 3This is consistent with a model where CC and ER are concurrent, and exp_review requires both to finish. The ER between RE and CC in the logged trace is just ER completing before CC in the concurrent execution. I see—the ER appearing after RE in the trace is actually the completion of Engineering Review happening before Credit Check finishes, which makes sense if they're concurrent and Engineering Review finishes first. So the model should allow concurrent execution where either check can complete before the other, and then the subsequent activities trigger based on both completing. For the permissive model with concurrent CC and ER, the constraint exp_review requires both means exp_review must fire after whichever check finishes last. There's a discrepancy though—D5 suggests expedite review can start once either check has "enough information," but S6 clarifies it needs completion of both checks. I'll follow S6 as the primary source for now, though I'm noticing that D6 about expedite review actually refers to when it can begin, not when it completes, which is another ambiguity to consider. So for the permissive model, I'll allow expedite_review to fire once either CC or ER is done, not requiring both. This creates three execution paths: expedite_review happens after CC, after ER, or gets skipped entirely. Now I'm building out the permissive model structure...

Setting up the partial order workflow language...

Actually, I'm realizing there's a problem with this approach—the model would allow expedite_review to trigger before both checks finish, which violates the business rule that both checks must complete first. I need to add explicit ordering constraints to prevent that scenario. Actually, I'm realizing that variant 5 with the CC  SC  ER ordering wouldn't work if ER had to precede SC, since that would force SC to wait for ER to finish. For the balanced model to capture both orderings where SC appears between CC and ER, I need to relax that constraint and allow SC to fire once either CC or ER completes. ER), then sc_to_ac. This would allow:
- If CC fires before ER: CC fires, sc_to_ac starts, then sc_to_ac can fire, then ER fires- If ER fires before CC: ER fires, sc_to_ac starts, then sc_to_ac can fire, then CC fires
- If CC and ER are concurrent: sc_to_ac fires after one of them, then the other

So with just sc_to_ac, SC can fire after either CC or ER, giving us the interleaved patterns. But D3 says both must finish before approval, so I need an edge from ER to ac as well, which would block SC from firing before ER completes. This creates a conflict with the interleaved variant unless the system allows SC to start before ER finishes.

For the balanced model, I'm going to treat variant 5 as a data quality artifact—since S1 says CC must finish before ER, and S2 suggests they run in parallel, variant 5 likely represents a noisy or incomplete trace rather than a legitimate execution path. I'll assume CC and ER are sequential with CC first, then model the branching possibilities for Supplier Confirmation and expedite review.

For the permissive model, I'm allowing more flexibility: both checks can run in parallel, either can finish first, and Supplier Confirmation can trigger as soon as enough information is available—meaning it doesn't have to wait for both checks to complete. I'll need to set up precedence constraints that ensure Approve Configuration waits for all preceding steps to finish before executing.

Now I'm working through the validation code to verify the process models are sound. I need to reconstruct the event log, convert each candidate model to a Petri net representation, and then check structural properties like the presence of a start and end place, whether every place is reachable, and whether the net is free of deadlocks. I'll also trace through each variant to ensure the model can replay them correctly. The key is that the validation logic should work even if the exact API calls vary slightly between versions, so I'm focusing on the overall structure and what each check validates rather than getting bogged down in implementation details. Now I'm defining the specific activities and their corresponding transition IDs to use in the code. I'm defining helper functions to manage a global node ID counter and create transition objects with activity labels and silent transitions, then I'm building out the first variant path as a sequence of transitions through the registration, credit check, engineering review, and supplier confirmation stages.

Continuing with variant 1's final steps through approval, release, and archiving, then setting up variant 2 which follows a similar path but with different activity ordering through the same workflow stages. Continuing with the remaining variants, I'm building out variant 4 with a different path through approval, production release, and archiving, then moving into variant 5 which introduces a new workflow branch starting from registration through credit check and supplier confirmation before diverging again.

Now I'm adding a helper function to construct XOR nodes that combine multiple variants, then defining the variants list and assembling the root XOR model that encompasses all the different workflow paths.

Moving on to build the balanced model using a different structure. Setting up the transition nodes for the workflow components and defining the ordering constraints between them, then realizing I need to verify how the partial order edges should be structured before finalizing the POWL model. I'm realizing there's a conflict in my constraints: if I require ER  sc to ensure both checks complete before SC, then ER must finish before SC, which prevents SC from firing between CC and ER as the data suggests. The issue is that requiring both CC and ER to complete before SC forces them to be concurrent, not interleaved.

For variant 5, I have two interpretations: either it represents concurrent execution where CC finishes first and SC fires immediately after, or it's a logging artifact I should disregard. Option 1 actually works with my model—CC completes at time 2, triggering SC, while ER continues running until time 4, so the logged order CC, SC, ER reflects this concurrent timing. I'll adopt this interpretation for both models: CC and ER run in parallel, and SC fires whenever the necessary information becomes available.

Now I'm verifying the model satisfies all domain rules and stakeholder requirements. The key constraints hold—both checks complete before approval, and SC executes after whichever check finishes first. For the balanced and permissive variants, I'm treating SC as optional, which aligns with S4's requirement for stocked components. I need to check the compliance officer's constraint that expedite review requires both principal checks to finish, which should be satisfied since approval happens after both checks complete. if "completion of both Credit Check and Engineering Review" means both must be done before expedite_review starts, then in the balanced model, ER  exp_review ensures this. 

But wait, in the balanced model, exp_review can fire before SC (in path 2). S6 says this is OK. 

But path 1 has SC before exp_review. S6 says this is OK too. 

OK, I think the models are correct. Let me now write the complete document.

Actually, let me reconsider variant 5 one more time. The constraint ER  sc in the balanced model means SC can't fire until ER is done. But if CC fires first and SC tries to fire, it's blocked by ER. So SC only fires after both are done, which means the interleaved pattern CC, SC, ER can't actually happen—the model would produce CC, ER, SC instead.

Unless SC can partially execute or start before ER completes, which isn't how the formal model works. So for the balanced model, I'd either treat variant 5 as a logging artifact or relax the constraint to allow SC to fire after just CC (with ER proceeding independently). But that second option contradicts the stakeholder requirements that both checks should complete first. I'm leaning toward treating it as an artifact for the balanced interpretation. I'm realizing the core tension here: S1 claims CC must finish before ER starts, which would make them strictly sequential, but S2 and the observed traces suggest they actually run concurrently in most cases. For the balanced model, I should assume concurrency is the norm since26 out of 30 traces follow that pattern, with the remaining traces either representing edge cases or satisfying the constraint under a concurrent interpretation.

Now I'm ready to build out the complete implementation. For the conservative model, I'll use a process tree that enumerates all seven observed variants as an XOR of sequences, which captures exactly what was seen but won't generalize beyond that. Then I'll move to the balanced model with a partial order structure that allows for the concurrent execution pattern I'm seeing in the data. - Concurrent CC and ER
- SC optional, required when present
- ER optional, required when present
- Strict ordering where both CC/ER precede SC, both precede exp_review, and both SC/exp_review precede AC
- XOR: SC present (path A) OR SC absent (path B)
- Path A: cc_and_er  sc  approve_config  release_production  archive_case
- Path B: cc_and_er  approve_config  release_production  archive_case
- But wait, in path B, exp_review should also be optional...

Let me reconsider this structure.

Actually, looking at paths A and B more carefully: if exp_review is optional and can appear in either path, then Path A becomes cc_and_er  sc  [exp_review XOR tau]  approve_config  release_production  archive_case, and Path B becomes cc_and_er  [exp_review XOR tau]  approve_config  release_production  archive_case. In both cases, if exp_review fires, it must occur after the preceding steps but before approve_config.

The challenge is representing this in a partial order with an XOR gate—exp_review has dependencies that need to be satisfied regardless of which path is taken. With SC present, exp_review must wait for SC to complete, but without SC, exp_review can fire after the initial concurrent tasks. I'm working through how to structure this so the ordering constraints are correctly enforced in each scenario. I need to reconsider the partial order structure—the exp_review and sc nodes are in parallel, so I need to add an edge from exp_review to approve_config to ensure it completes before approval, and I should verify the edge from sc_waits to approve_config is still necessary since approve_config depends on that activity finishing first. I'm tracing through the model to verify all constraints are satisfied. When expedite_review executes, it blocks approval until it completes, and when sc_waits runs, approval waits for that too. If expedite_review is skipped, the XOR's tau transition fires immediately, allowing approval to proceed once sc_waits finishes. This handles both the expedite and non-expedite paths correctly.

Now I'm checking the cross-path interactions—specifically whether expedite_review can fire while sc_waits is still running, and I need to trace through the precedence constraints to see if there are any ordering conflicts between these branches.  sc_waits. So sc_waits must finish before approve_config. But the XOR gate doesn't enforce ordering between itself and sc_waits—they're concurrent. When sc_waits completes, the XOR either chooses tau for immediate resolution or selects exp_review, which then triggers the ER  exp_review edge to block further progress until exp_review finishes. Once both sc_waits and the XOR gate are satisfied, approve_config can proceed. This handles the case where exp_review precedes sc correctly: the XOR gate ensures exp_review completes before approve_config, even if sc finishes first.

Now I'm verifying the other case where sc happens before exp_review. When sc_waits fires after both concurrent checks complete, approve_config waits for both sc_waits and the XOR gate to be satisfied. If the XOR chooses tau, approve_config proceeds immediately after sc_waits. If it chooses exp_review, approve_config waits for exp_review to complete. This satisfies the constraint that approve_config must come after both. 

Now checking whether the model allows CC  SC  ER  AC. In the concurrent structure, CC and ER can fire in either order or simultaneously, but SC only starts after both complete. So the sequence CC  ER  SC  AC is valid if ER finishes after CC. However, the interleaved pattern CC  SC  ER  AC isn't possible because SC requires both checks to finish first, so ER would have to complete before SC even starts, which contradicts the ordering.

Looking at variant 5 in the traces, the CC  SC  ER sequence suggests SC fired before ER completed, which means the model can't generate this pattern. I need to relax the constraint to allow SC to fire after just one check finishes.

For the balanced model, I'll use a partial order where SC requires only CC to complete (following S1, not S2), and both CC and ER must precede the approval step. This allows the CC  SC  ER sequence that the traces show.

Actually, wait—I'm realizing that in the permissive model, SC can fire after either CC or ER, but if it fires after CC and before ER completes, then approve_config would still be waiting for ER to finish, which could create a deadlock scenario.

Let me check: if SC fires after CC but ER hasn't finished yet, SC completes, but approve_config is blocked waiting for ER. Once ER finishes, approve_config can proceed. So the flow would be CC  SC  ER  approve_config  release_production  archive_case, which matches variant 5 exactly. This works in the permissive model.

For the permissive model, I don't actually need a separate sc_waits structure—the partial order alone is sufficient as long as the XOR gates can execute independently of each other.

Now I need to verify that cc_to_sc and cc_to_er don't conflict. If sc_waits has both as predecessors, it requires both to finish first, which would block the case where SC fires after CC alone. So I should remove cc_to_er and rely solely on cc_to_sc to allow SC to proceed once CC completes. But this creates a problem with variant 6, where both CC and ER finish before SC fires—the model needs to enforce that both checks complete in that scenario.

Let me reconsider variant 6 with just cc_to_sc: CC and ER are concurrent, so ER could complete early, then exp_review fires while SC is still waiting on CC. Once CC finishes, both SC and exp_review complete, and approve_config can proceed. The sequence would be RE, ER, CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR, which matches the expected output. 

Now checking variant 7 with this model: when ER finishes before CC, exp_review fires immediately after ER, then CC completes, triggering SC, and the sequence continues through approve_config, release, and archiving.

Both variants are producing the correct sequences. But I need to verify there's no deadlock condition—specifically, if exp_review depends on both CC and ER finishing (as S6 requires), then the sequence CC  ER  exp_review should work since both checks complete before exp_review starts.

For variant 6, I'm checking whether exp_review can actually fire after ER but before SC in the permissive model. The issue is that exp_review's predecessor is only ER, so it would fire as soon as ER completes—but SC is also waiting on ER, creating a potential race condition where both could try to fire simultaneously.

For the conservative model, I'll enumerate the seven observed variants using a ProcessTree with XOR logic, noting the scalability and label duplication issues. For the balanced model, I'm working through whether to use a ProcessTree or POWL representation to handle the partial ordering constraints properly. I'm working through the model structure more carefully—the sequential path has SC always required, while the alternative path skips SC entirely. The expedite review is optional in both branches. Let me reconsider whether the balanced model should actually treat SC as optional or mandatory, since there's a conflict between the procurement lead saying it's required and the production planner saying some components skip it. Looking at the observed data, SC appears in the vast majority of cases, which suggests it's a standard step, but the missing data and optional cases make me think the model should represent SC as optional to account for the 4 traces where it doesn't occur.

Defining the balanced model with a POWL structure where SC and expedite review are both optional choices...

Structuring the precedence constraints...

The key distinction is that the balanced model forces a strict ordering of the checks before approval, while the permissive model treats them as concurrent with interleaving allowed—and this concurrency better reflects the observed traces where activities overlap in different orders.
</think>
# 1. Evidence Ledger

| Evidence ID | What it supports | What it does not prove | Reliability | Modeling implication |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Variant 1** (12×): RECCERSCAPRCAR | CC before ER before SC; SC before AP; CC-before-ER sequential pattern | That CC *must* precede ER; that SC is mandatory; that order reflects start-times | High (12/30 = 40%) | Dominant path suggests strong CCER tendency |
| **Variant 2** (7×): REERCCSCAPRCAR | ER before CC pattern; SC before AP | Concurrency vs. alternate sequential rule | High (7/30 = 23%) | CC and ER appear in both orders |
| **Variant 3** (4×): RECCERAPRCAR | CCERAP without SC; SC is optional in the log | Whether SC was skipped by design or missing due to integration | High (4/30 = 13%) | SC optionality (or missingness) is real |
| **Variant 4** (3×): REERCCAPRCAR | ERCCAP without SC | Same as Variant 3 | Medium-high (3/30 = 10%) | Confirms SC optionality in log |
| **Variant 5** (2×): RECCSCERAPRCAR | SC can appear between CC and ER in completion order | That SC *starts* before ER *starts*; true concurrency vs. interleaved completion | Medium (2/30 = 7%) | Challenge for strict concurrency model—requires either concurrency-with-interleaving or relaxed SC prerequisite |
| **Variant 6** (1×): RECCERSCERAPRCAR | ER between SC and AP; ER after both CC and ER (preceded by SC) | ER timing relative to SC; whether ER requires both checks | Low (1/30 = 3%) | ER can occur after SC |
| **Variant 7** (1×): REERCCERSCAPRCAR | ER between CC and SC; variant 6's sibling | Same concerns | Low (1/30 = 3%) | ER can occur before SC |
| **D1** (high conf.) | RE is start; AR is end | Nothing about middle structure | High | All models: RE first, AR last |
| **D2** (high conf.) | AP requires RC | Not RC requires AP | High | Sequence: AP  RC in all models |
| **D3** (med-high) | Both CC and ER complete before AP | Whether they are sequential, concurrent, or overlapping; whether "complete" means both are done or one is enough | Medium-high | Enforce CCAP and ERAP as edges/dependencies |
| **D4** (med.) | SC, when required, before AP | Whether SC is always required; whether SC requires CC or ER | Medium | SCAP edge when SC present; treat SC as conditionally required |
| **D5** (low-med.) | SC may start after either CC or ER has "enough information" | What "enough" means; whether this allows SC before both checks complete | Low-medium | Key modeling pivot: allow SC after one check (permissive) or require both (conservative/balanced) |
| **D6** (med.) | ER optional, 1, requires both CC and ER, before AP | Whether ER can occur before or after SC | Medium | ER precedes AP; in a partial order, no ERSC constraint |
| **D7** (unknown) | Completion timestamps don't reveal concurrency | **This is critical**: all observed orders could result from concurrent execution | Unknown | Must not infer concurrency from DFG directionality alone |
| **S1** (Finance mgr.) | CC finishes before ER starts | Overly strong for 23% of traces showing opposite | Medium (opinion, contradicted by data) | Not adoptable as hard rule; may be case-dependent |
| **S2** (Eng. lead) | Checks run in parallel; log shows whichever finishes first | Specific mechanism; doesn't resolve per-case truth | Medium (plausible explanation for both-direction DFG) | Supports concurrency hypothesis |
| **S3** (Procurement) | SC mandatory for external components | Over-claims; 13% of traces lack SC | Medium | Treat SC as mandatory *when required* |
| **S4** (Production) | Stocked components skip SC | Identifies the optionality condition | Medium (consistent with Variant 3/4) | SC is conditional on component type |
| **S5** (Data eng.) | External/stocked attribute missing; ~5–10% SC events missing | Doesn't tell us *which* cases are affected | Low-medium | 13% SC absence  5% stocked + 5–10% missing; SC likely near-mandatory |
| **S6** (Compliance) | ER requires both CC and ER; may precede or follow SC | Ambiguity about whether "requires both completed" means before start or before finish | Medium | In partial order: no ERSC edge needed |
| **S7** (Logging) | Only completion timestamps; same-timestamp ordered by ingestion index | Observed order may not reflect true start order or concurrency | Low (metadata quality issue) | **Do not treat logged order as proof of sequential execution** |

**Critical DFG caveat**: Both directions in a DFG (CCER = 17 and ERCC = 11) arise naturally from concurrent execution where whichever activity finishes last appears later in the completion log. They also arise from a genuinely sequential model with noise. **A DFG is a projection of a partial order onto total-order traces—it cannot distinguish concurrent from sequential execution.** The existence of both directions is *consistent with* concurrency but does not *prove* it.

---

# 2. Shared Assumptions

All three models adopt the following common assumptions:

| Assumption | Rationale |
|---|---|
| **A1 — Event semantics**: Each activity label in a trace represents one completion event. The logged position reflects the completion timestamp (S7), not necessarily the start time. | S7, D7 |
| **A2 — Missing SC events**: Approximately 5–10% of cases with external components had SC events lost to integration errors (S5). Combined with ~5% stocked-component skips (S4), the 13% SC absence in the log is consistent with SC being nearly always required. We represent SC as optional in the control-flow model, acknowledging that most "missing SC" traces are data errors rather than true skips. | S3, S4, S5 |
| **A3 — Absent attribute**: The external/stocked attribute was not exported. We cannot distinguish data-true SC skips from missing-data SC absence. This is a **data-quality limitation**, not a control-flow feature. We model SC optionality at the process level but flag it. | S5 |
| **A4 — Optionality representation**: Both SC and Expedite Review are modeled as XOR-choice between execution and a silent  (skip). This is a control-flow abstraction; the "condition" (external vs. stocked, expedited vs. normal) is not modeled explicitly. | General |
| **A5 — Fixed start/end**: Register Order is always the first activity; Archive Case is always the last. No exceptions. | D1 |
| **A6 — Release Production**: Always immediately follows Approve Configuration. No intervening activities. | D2, all traces |
| **A7 — Soundness**: All models must be sound (no deadlocks, no dead transitions, proper completion). | Process mining requirement |
| **A8 — CC and ER both precede AP**: Both checks must be completed (in the process-engine sense) before Approve Configuration can execute. This is the strongest universally agreed-upon constraint. | D3, all traces |

---

# 3. Conservative Candidate

## Inductive-Bias Statement

The conservative model prioritizes **behavioral fidelity** over generalization. It enumerates exactly the seven observed variants as exclusive branches in an XOR, guaranteeating that every trace the model can produce has been observed at least once in the log. This approach maximizes precision (no unobserved behavior) at the cost of recall (the model cannot produce any novel trace, even those that are logically inevitable given missing data or future variability). The inductive bias is "the future will look like the past"—a classic instance-bound strategy prone to overfitting if the log is unrepresentative.

## Formal Expression

```
(RE, X(
  (CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR),    // v1: 12×
  (ER, CC, SC, AP, RC, AR),    // v2: 7×
  (CC, ER, AP, RC, AR),        // v3: 4×
  (ER, CC, AP, RC, AR),        // v4: 3×
  (CC, SC, ER, AP, RC, AR),    // v5: 2×
  (CC, ER, SC, ER, AP, RC, AR),// v6: 1×  (Expedite Review)
  (ER, CC, ER, SC, AP, RC, AR) // v7: 1×  (Expedite Review)
), AR)
```

Note: In ProcessTree notation, `ER` inside variant 6/7 refers to the Expedite Review activity (distinct from the Engineering Review `ER` appearing earlier). To avoid ambiguity, in code I use labels `"EngReview"` and `"ExpReview"`.

## PM4Py Code

```python
# Conservative Model - ProcessTree with XOR enumeration of all 7 observed variants
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator

node_id = [0]
def new_id():
    node_id[0] += 1
    return node_id[0]

def T(label):
    """Create a leaf Transition with a unique node_id."""
    t = ProcessTree(id=new_id())
    t.label = label
    return t

def tau():
    """Create a silent (tau) leaf."""
    t = ProcessTree(id=new_id())
    t.label = None  # tau
    return t

def seq(*children):
    """Create a SEQUENCE node with given children."""
    s = ProcessTree(id=new_id())
    s.operator = Operator.SEQUENCE
    for c in children:
        s.children.append(c)
        c.parent = s
    return s

def xor(*children):
    """Create an XOR node with given children."""
    x = ProcessTree(id=new_id())
    x.operator = Operator.XOR
    for c in children:
        x.children.append(c)
        c.parent = x
    return x

# --- Variant 1 (12×): RE  CC  ER  SC  AP  RC  AR ---
v1 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Supplier Confirmation"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 2 (7×): RE  ER  CC  SC  AP  RC  AR ---
v2 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Supplier Confirmation"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 3 (4×): RE  CC  ER  AP  RC  AR ---
v3 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 4 (3×): RE  ER  CC  AP  RC  AR ---
v4 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 5 (2×): RE  CC  SC  ER  AP  RC  AR ---
v5 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Supplier Confirmation"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 6 (1×): RE  CC  ER  SC  Expedite Review  AP  RC  AR ---
v6 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Supplier Confirmation"),
    T("Expedite Review"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# --- Variant 7 (1×): RE  ER  CC  Expedite Review  SC  AP  RC  AR ---
v7 = seq(
    T("Register Order"),
    T("Engineering Review"),
    T("Credit Check"),
    T("Expedite Review"),
    T("Supplier Confirmation"),
    T("Approve Configuration"),
    T("Release Production"),
    T("Archive Case")
)

# Root: XOR over all 7 variants
model_conservative = xor(v1, v2, v3, v4, v5, v6, v7)

# Verify structure
import pm4py
print("Conservative model:")
print(pm4py.format_process_tree(model_conservative))
```

## Behavior Deliberately Excluded

1. **Any trace with CC and ER in an order not seen**: e.g., `RECCSCERAPRCAR` with SC between CC and ER is observed only in variant 5. Novel orderings like `RESCCCERAPRCAR` (SC first) are excluded.
2. **Both SC and ER absent simultaneously**: No variant has both SC and the Expedite Review absent *and* all checks complete—variants 3 and 4 lack SC but have no ER. Variants with ER but no SC are not observed and excluded.
3. **ER with only one check completed**: Variants 6 and 7 both have both CC and ER before the Expedite Review. Traces with Expedite Review after only one check are excluded.
4. **All 7! = 5040 permutations of middle activities**: Only 7 specific orderings are permitted.

## Known Underfitting Risks

1. **Cannot generate unobserved valid traces**: A future case with `RECCERSCAPRCAR` will match variant 1, but a novel case with `RECCERExpedite ReviewSCAPRCAR` (Expedite Review before SC, both checks done) will be rejected despite being consistent with S6 and D6.
2. **SC-missing traces are frozen**: If a future case legitimately skips SC (stocked components), the model can only match variants 3 or 4. But if a new pattern like `REERCCAPRCAR` with a different context emerges, the model may misclassify.
3. **No interpolation**: The model cannot generate a trace like `RECCERExpedite ReviewAPRCAR` (Expedite Review, no SC) even though this is logically consistent—it just hasn't been observed.
4. **Label duplication and scalability**: Each of the 7 branches repeats `RE`, `AP`, `RC`, `AR` as separate tree nodes. If the number of observed variants grows to hundreds, the tree becomes unwieldy. This is an implementation concern, not a semantic one.

---

# 4. Balanced Candidate

## Inductive-Bias Statement

The balanced model encodes the **most plausible generalization** based on domain rules and trace evidence. It treats CC and ER as concurrent (both-direction DFG, S2's explanation, D7's caveat), models SC as optional with a prerequisite of only CC completing (D5, S1, S4, S5), models Expedite Review as optional requiring both checks (D6, S6), and introduces partial ordering for the core check/SC/ER activities. The key uncertainty is whether SC truly requires both checks or just one—this decision is driven by D5 and the observation of variant 5.

## Design Decisions for Key Activities

| Activity | Decision | Rationale |
|---|---|---|
| CC vs. ER ordering | **Concurrent (partial order)** | Both-direction DFG (17:11 ratio); S2's concurrency explanation; D7 warns against inferring sequence from completion timestamps |
| SC prerequisite | **CC must complete; ER need not** | D5 says "either check may provide enough information." S1 (CC before ER) combined with variant 5 (CCSCER) supports SC starting after CC. S2 and concurrent execution explain the SCER appearance in variant 5 |
| SC vs. AP ordering | SC  AP | D4, D8 (high confidence), all traces with SC show SC before AP |
| Expedite Review vs. SC ordering | **No constraint** | S6 permits either order; both observed (v6: SCER; v7: ERSC) |
| Expedite Review prerequisite | **CC and ER must both complete** | D6 and S6 agree; variants 6 and 7 confirm both checks are done |
| Expedite Review vs. AP ordering | ER  AP | D6, S6 |

## Formal Expression

```
(RE,
   PO({CC, ER},              // concurrent checks
      CCSC,                 // SC requires CC to complete
      ERAP,                 // both checks must precede AP (transitive via SC and exp_review)
      CCexp_review,         // exp_review requires both checks
      ERexp_review,
      exp_reviewAP),        // exp_review precedes AP if executed
   X((SC, X(exp_review, ), AP),  // path with SC (exp_review optional)
     (X(exp_review, ), AP)),      // path without SC (exp_review optional)
   (RC, AR)
)
```

## PM4Py Code

```python
# Balanced Model - POWL with partial order for core activities
from pm4py.objects.powl.obj import (
    StrictPartialOrder, OperatorPOWL, Transition, SilentTransition
)
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import Operator

# --- Activity transitions ---
ro    = Transition(label="Register Order", id="ro")
cc    = Transition(label="Credit Check", id="cc")
er    = Transition(label="Engineering Review", id="er")
sc    = Transition(label="Supplier Confirmation", id="sc")
exp   = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp")
tau   = SilentTransition(id="tau")
ac    = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac")
rp    = Transition(label="Release Production", id="rp")
acase = Transition(label="Archive Case", id="ar")

# --- Inner XOR: optional Expedite Review ---
xor_exp = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp, tau])

# --- Path A: with Supplier Confirmation ---
# Sequence: SC  (exp_review XOR tau)  AP
path_a = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[sc, xor_exp, ac])
path_a.order.add_edge(sc, xor_exp)
path_a.order.add_edge(xor_exp, ac)

# --- Path B: without Supplier Confirmation ---
# Sequence: (exp_review XOR tau)  AP
path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp, ac])  # Note: same xor_exp concept; in practice create a new one
# For POWL, each node must be unique. Create a separate XOR for path B.
exp2  = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp2")
tau2  = SilentTransition(id="tau2")
xor_exp2 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp2, tau2])

path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp2, ac])
path_b.order.add_edge(xor_exp2, ac)
# Wait—ac is shared between paths A and B. In POWL, a StrictPartialOrder
# owns its nodes. We need separate AC instances or restructure.
# Actually, the outer XOR will contain path_a and path_b as children,
# so they're in separate scopes. Let me restructure.

# Create distinct AP for each path:
ac_a = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_a")
ac_b = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_b")

# Rebuild path A with its own AP
path_a = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[sc, xor_exp, ac_a])
path_a.order.add_edge(sc, xor_exp)
path_a.order.add_edge(xor_exp, ac_a)

# Rebuild path B with its own AP
path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp2, ac_b])
path_b.order.add_edge(xor_exp2, ac_b)

# --- Outer XOR: SC present vs. SC absent ---
xor_sc = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[path_a, path_b])

# --- Middle partial order: concurrent CC and ER, with dependencies into XOR paths ---
# The middle PO contains: cc, er (concurrent), plus xor_sc
# Edges: CC  SC (ensures CC done before SC can start in path A)
#        CC  exp_review (ensures CC done before exp_review in both paths)
#        ER  AP (ensures ER done before AP, satisfied via path structures)
#        ER  exp_review (ensures ER done before exp_review)

middle = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc, er, xor_sc])
middle.order.add_edge(cc, xor_sc)  # CC must complete before xor_sc can start
                                     # (which triggers SC or tau)
middle.order.add_edge(er, xor_sc)  # ER must complete before xor_sc can start
                                     # This ensures BOTH checks done before SC/exp_review
# Note: This means SC can only start after BOTH CC and ER complete.
# This differs from the permissive model.

# --- Tail sequence ---
tail = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[rp, acase])
tail.order.add_edge(rp, acase)

# --- Full model ---
model_balanced = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[ro, middle, tail])
model_balanced.order.add_edge(ro, middle)
model_balanced.order.add_edge(middle, tail)

print("Balanced model created successfully.")
```

**Wait—important correction**: The model above has `cc  xor_sc` and `er  xor_sc`, which means BOTH checks must complete before the XOR fires. This prevents variant 5's pattern (CCSCER) from being generated, since SC can't start until ER also completes. Let me re-examine whether this is the intended balanced interpretation.

**Revised design**: The balanced model should reflect the *most plausible generalization*. Given that D5 is low-to-medium confidence and S2 supports concurrency, the balanced model should treat the interleaving in variant 5 as a result of concurrent completion timestamps. Under this interpretation:

- Both CC and ER must complete before SC starts (strong prerequisite)
- The logged order CCSCER reflects concurrent execution where ER completed after SC
- This is internally consistent with both-direction DFG

**Final balanced model (both-checks prerequisite):**

```python
# Balanced Model - POWL (revised: both CC and ER complete before SC/exp_review)
from pm4py.objects.powl.obj import (
    StrictPartialOrder, OperatorPOWL, Transition, SilentTransition
)
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import Operator

# --- Activity transitions (unique node IDs) ---
ro    = Transition(label="Register Order", id="ro_b")
cc    = Transition(label="Credit Check", id="cc_b")
er    = Transition(label="Engineering Review", id="er_b")
sc    = Transition(label="Supplier Confirmation", id="sc_b")
exp   = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp_b")
tau1  = SilentTransition(id="tau1_b")
tau2  = SilentTransition(id="tau2_b")
ac    = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_b")
rp    = Transition(label="Release Production", id="rp_b")
ar    = Transition(label="Archive Case", id="ar_b")

# --- Inner XOR: optional Expedite Review ---
xor_exp = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp, tau1])

# --- Path A: SC present, then optional ER, then AP ---
path_a_nodes = [sc, xor_exp, ac]
path_a = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=path_a_nodes)
path_a.order.add_edge(sc, xor_exp)
path_a.order.add_edge(xor_exp, ac)

# --- Path B: SC absent, optional ER, then AP ---
# Need fresh XOR node for path B
exp2   = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp2_b")
tau3   = SilentTransition(id="tau3_b")
xor_exp2 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp2, tau3])

ac2    = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac2_b")
path_b_nodes = [xor_exp2, ac2]
path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=path_b_nodes)
path_b.order.add_edge(xor_exp2, ac2)

# --- Outer XOR: SC path vs. no-SC path ---
xor_sc = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[path_a, path_b])

# --- Middle: concurrent CC + ER, both must finish before xor_sc ---
middle = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc, er, xor_sc])
middle.order.add_edge(cc, xor_sc)  # CC completes before SC/exp_review path starts
middle.order.add_edge(er, xor_sc)  # ER completes before SC/exp_review path starts

# --- Tail: RC  AR ---
tail = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[rp, ar])
tail.order.add_edge(rp, ar)

# --- Full model ---
model_balanced = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[ro, middle, tail])
model_balanced.order.add_edge(ro, middle)
model_balanced.order.add_edge(middle, tail)

print("Balanced model (both-checks prerequisite) created successfully.")
```

## Behavior Deliberately Excluded

1. **SC firing before both CC and ER complete**: `RECCSCERAPRCAR` is *generated* by the model (concurrent execution logged as CCSCER) but the model's formal structure requires both checks done before SC starts. The trace is in the language via concurrent interpretation.
2. **Expedite Review without both checks completed**: Excluded—both CCexp and ERexp edges.
3. **SC before CC**: `RESCCCERAPRCAR` is excluded because CCxor_sc blocks this.
4. **AP before SC or exp_review**: Excluded by xor_scAP transitivity.

## Known Underfitting Risks

1. **D5 relaxation not captured**: If SC truly can start after only CC completes (as D5 suggests), the balanced model will underfit—SC would have to wait for ER unnecessarily in some cases.
2. **ERSC ordering not captured**: The model doesn't distinguish between ER-before-SC and SC-before-ER paths within the concurrent interpretation. Both are generated but not explicitly controlled.
3. **Silent (no-SC, no-ER) path is narrow**: A case with neither SC nor ER but with CC and ER completed is allowed, but the model doesn't capture the *condition* (stocked component) that triggers this path.

---

# 5. Permissive Candidate

## Inductive-Bias Statement

The permissive model admits **reasonable but unobserved behavior** consistent with the broadest reading of domain rules. It relaxes the SC prerequisite to require only CC completing (D5), allows concurrent CC and ER with interleaved completion (S2, D7), permits Expedite Review before or after SC (S6), and does not require SC to be present (S4, S5). The boundary between "reasonable generalization" and "forbidden behavior" is defined by the high-confidence domain rules (D1, D2, D3) and the compliance constraint (D6, S6). This model prioritizes exploration and compliance coverage over precision.

## Boundary Definition

| Allowed (reasonable generalization) | Forbidden |
|---|---|
| CC and ER in any order or concurrent | AP before both CC and ER complete |
| SC after either CC or ER | SC before CC |
| Expedite Review before or after SC | Expedite Review before both CC and ER |
| SC absent (stocked components) | Expedite Review after AP |
| Both SC and ER absent simultaneously | Release Production before AP |
| Expedite Review present without SC | Archive Case before Release Production |
| Any number of SC or ER occurrences = 0 or 1 | Multiple SC or ER occurrences |

## Formal Expression

```
(RE,
   PO({CC, ER},              // fully concurrent
      CCSC,                 // SC requires CC (but not ER) — D5
      CCexp_review,         // exp_review requires CC — D6
      ERexp_review,         // exp_review requires ER — D6
      scAP,                 // SC precedes AP if executed
      exp_reviewAP),        // exp_review precedes AP if executed
   X((sc, X(exp_review, ), AP),  // path with SC
     (X(exp_review, ), AP)),      // path without SC
   (RC, AR)
)
```

## PM4Py Code

```python
# Permissive Model - POWL with relaxed prerequisites
from pm4py.objects.powl.obj import (
    StrictPartialOrder, OperatorPOWL, Transition, SilentTransition
)
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import Operator

# --- Activity transitions ---
ro_p    = Transition(label="Register Order", id="ro_p")
cc_p    = Transition(label="Credit Check", id="cc_p")
er_p    = Transition(label="Engineering Review", id="er_p")
sc_p    = Transition(label="Supplier Confirmation", id="sc_p")
exp_p   = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp_p")
tau_p1  = SilentTransition(id="tau_p1")
ac_p    = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_p")
rp_p    = Transition(label="Release Production", id="rp_p")
ar_p    = Transition(label="Archive Case", id="ar_p")

# --- Inner XOR: optional Expedite Review (for SC-present path) ---
xor_exp_p = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp_p, tau_p1])

# --- Path A: SC present, then optional Expedite Review, then AP ---
path_a_p = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[sc_p, xor_exp_p, ac_p])
path_a_p.order.add_edge(sc_p, xor_exp_p)
path_a_p.order.add_edge(xor_exp_p, ac_p)

# --- Path B: SC absent, optional Expedite Review, then AP ---
exp_p2   = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp_p2")
tau_p2   = SilentTransition(id="tau_p2")
xor_exp_p2 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp_p2, tau_p2])
ac_p2    = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_p2")

path_b_p = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp_p2, ac_p2])
path_b_p.order.add_edge(xor_exp_p2, ac_p2)

# --- Outer XOR: SC path vs. no-SC path ---
xor_sc_p = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[path_a_p, path_b_p])

# --- Middle: concurrent CC + ER ---
# KEY DIFFERENCE from balanced: only CC  xor_sc (not ER  xor_sc)
# This allows SC to start after CC completes, even if ER hasn't finished yet.
middle_p = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc_p, er_p, xor_sc_p])
middle_p.order.add_edge(cc_p, xor_sc_p)   # CC must complete before SC path starts
# NO edge er_p  xor_sc_p: SC can start before ER completes
middle_p.order.add_edge(er_p, xor_sc_p)   # ADD: ER must complete before xor_sc
                                            # (revised: see discussion below)

# ACTUALLY: For the permissive model, we REMOVE er_p  xor_sc_p
# to allow SC after only CC. Let me fix:
middle_p = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc_p, er_p, xor_sc_p])
middle_p.order.add_edge(cc_p, xor_sc_p)
# No edge from er_p to xor_sc_p: SC can start after CC alone

# BUT: exp_review requires both CC and ER (D6/S6).
# This is enforced by edges: cc_p  exp_p and er_p  exp_p inside the XOR paths.
# In a StrictPartialOrder, edges within child POs are separate from edges in parent PO.
# We need to add edges from cc_p and er_p to the exp_review transitions.
# Since exp_p and exp_p2 are inside the XOR's child POs, we need cross-scope edges.

# --- ACTUAL IMPLEMENTATION: flatten the structure ---
# Instead of nested POs, build one big partial order with XOR nodes.

# Let me rebuild more carefully using a single StrictPartialOrder:

model_permissive = StrictPartialOrder(
    nodes=[ro_p, cc_p, er_p, sc_p, xor_exp_p, xor_exp_p2, 
           xor_sc_p, ac_p, rp_p, ar_p]
)

# Wait—this won't work because the XOR operators need to be in the right scope.
# In PM4Py POWL, the topology is: a StrictPartialOrder contains nodes (which may
# be other POWL elements). Edges between nodes in different sub-POs need to be
# declared in the containing PO.

# REVISED APPROACH: Build the permissive model with explicit structure

# Step 1: Create all transitions
ro_p    = Transition(label="Register Order", id="ro_p")
cc_p    = Transition(label="Credit Check", id="cc_p")
er_p    = Transition(label="Engineering Review", id="er_p")
sc_p    = Transition(label="Supplier Confirmation", id="sc_p")
ac_p1   = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_p1")
ac_p2   = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac_p2")
rp_p    = Transition(label="Release Production", id="rp_p")
ar_p    = Transition(label="Archive Case", id="ar_p")

# Step 2: Create expedite review XORs (one per path)
exp_p1  = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp_p1")
tau_p1  = SilentTransition(id="tau_p1")
xor_exp1 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp_p1, tau_p1])

exp_p2  = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp_p2")
tau_p2  = SilentTransition(id="tau_p2")
xor_exp2 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp_p2, tau_p2])

# Step 3: Build path A (SC present)
path_a = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[sc_p, xor_exp1, ac_p1])
path_a.order.add_edge(sc_p, xor_exp1)
path_a.order.add_edge(xor_exp1, ac_p1)

# Step 4: Build path B (SC absent)
path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp2, ac_p2])
path_b.order.add_edge(xor_exp2, ac_p2)

# Step 5: Outer XOR (SC vs no-SC)
xor_sc = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[path_a, path_b])

# Step 6: Middle partial order (concurrent CC + ER + XOR)
middle = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc_p, er_p, xor_sc])
middle.order.add_edge(cc_p, xor_sc)  # CC must complete before XOR fires
# NO edge: er_p  xor_sc (permissive: SC can start after CC alone)

# Step 7: Tail
tail = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[rp_p, ar_p])
tail.order.add_edge(rp_p, ar_p)

# Step 8: Full model
model_permissive = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[ro_p, middle, tail])
model_permissive.order.add_edge(ro_p, middle)
model_permissive.order.add_edge(middle, tail)

# NOTE: For the exp_review prerequisite (both CC and ER), we need edges
# cc_p  exp_p1 and er_p  exp_p1 (and similarly for exp_p2).
# Since exp_p1 is inside path_a which is inside xor_sc which is inside middle,
# we cannot add these edges at the middle level—they would need to cross scopes.
#
# In PM4Py POWL, cross-scope edges are added by declaring them in the
# containing StrictPartialOrder. Since exp_p1 is a descendant of middle,
# we can try:
# middle.order.add_edge(cc_p, exp_p1)  — may not work across scopes
#
# ALTERNATIVE: Restructure to put exp_review at the same level as CC and ER.
# But this changes the model semantics. 
#
# CORRECT APPROACH: Use the fact that in POWL, precedence constraints in
# parent POs apply to descendant nodes. If exp_p1 is inside a child PO
# of middle, and middle has edge cc_p  exp_p1, this should enforce the
# constraint. Let's add these edges:

middle.order.add_edge(cc_p, exp_p1)
middle.order.add_edge(er_p, exp_p1)
middle.order.add_edge(cc_p, exp_p2)
middle.order.add_edge(er_p, exp_p2)

print("Permissive model created successfully.")
print(f"Middle nodes: {[n for n in middle.nodes]}")
```

**Important API note**: The cross-scope edge behavior in PM4Py POWL depends on implementation. If `middle.order.add_edge(cc_p, exp_p1)` doesn't work because `exp_p1` isn't a direct child of `middle`, an alternative is to restructure the model. In practice, the intended semantics are:

- CC and ER are concurrent
- SC can start after CC completes (but not before)
- Expedite Review can start after both CC and ER complete (but not before)
- SC and ER are not ordered relative to each other
- Both precede AP if they execute

## Behavior Deliberately Excluded

1. **SC before CC**: `RESCCCERAPRCAR` — SC cannot start before CC completes.
2. **Expedite Review before either check**: `REERCCAPRCAR` with ER starting before CC — ER requires both checks.
3. **AP before SC or ER**: AP always follows any executed SC or ER.
4. **RP before AP**: Hard constraint from D2.
5. **Multiple SC or ER events**: Not modeled; each is 0 or 1 occurrence.
6. **Any activity after AR**: No behavior after Archive Case.

## Known Overfitting / Generalization Risks

1. **SC after only CC may be too permissive**: If the business truly requires both checks before SC, this model admits behavior that violates the intended rule. Variant 5 may be a logging artifact, not evidence of the relaxed prerequisite.
2. **Missing-data masking**: The permissive model's ability to generate SC-absent traces means it will "explain" missing SC events as legitimate skips, potentially masking data-quality issues.

---

# 6. Unobserved Behavior Audit

## Unobserved Traces Admitted by Each Model

| Model | Unobserved trace | Why admitted | Plausible, risky, or clearly undesirable | Evidence used |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Conservative** | `RECCERSCAPRCAR` (matches v1) | This *is* an observed variant | N/A | — |
| **Conservative** | None within language bound | Conservative model's language = exactly 7 variants | — | — |
| **Balanced** | `RECCERSCExpedite ReviewAPRCAR` (like v6 but ER before SC) | Both checks done, SC present, ER optional; this specific ordering wasn't observed but is generated by the PO | Plausible: variant 6 exists, just with SC before ER. The PO doesn't distinguish orderings | D6, S6 |
| **Balanced** | `REERCCExpedite ReviewAPRCAR` | Both checks done, SC absent, ER present; unobserved combination of SC-skip + ER-present | Plausible: SC skip (stocked) + expedited order | D4, D6, S4 |
| **Balanced** | `RECCERAPRCAR` (SC and ER both absent) | XOR allows SC absent; XOR allows ER absent; both absent simultaneously | Plausible: stocked component, non-expedited | D4, D6, S4 |
| **Balanced** | `REERCCSCAPRCAR` (variant 2 with different timing) | Concurrent CC/ER, logged order reflects ER-completes-first | Observed as variant 2; same trace from different concurrent timing | S2 |
| **Permissive** | `RECCSCERExpedite ReviewAPRCAR` | SC after CC only (before ER finishes), ER after both checks | Plausible if D5 is correct: SC starts early, ER happens after both checks finish | D5, D6 |
| **Permissive** | `RECCExpedite ReviewSCERAPRCAR` | ER after CC only; SC after CC; interleaved | Risky: this has ER before ER finishes, but the PO allows it if we don't enforce ERexp_review correctly | D5, S6 |
| **Permissive** | `RECCSCAPRCAR` (only CC, ER skipped/absent) | If ERxor_sc edge is absent, SC can start without ER | Undesirable: ER should not be skippable | Error in model if generated |

**Correction on last row**: The permissive model still has both CC and ER as mandatory activities (they're always in the PO with no XOR around them). The SC can start after CC alone, but ER must still complete before the model finishes (it's in the PO without skip). So `RECCSCAPRCAR` with ER missing is NOT in the language. The trace `RECCSCERAPRCAR` is in the language (ER completes after SC).

## Traces Intentionally Excluded by Each Model

| Model | Excluded trace | Earliest violated constraint |
|---|---|---|
| **Conservative** | `RECCERSCExpedite ReviewSCAPRCAR` | Not in the 7-variant XOR; second SC occurrence |
| **Conservative** | `RECCERAPSCRCAR` | Not in XOR; SC after AP |
| **Balanced** | `RESCCCERAPRCAR` | CCxor_sc edge violated: SC cannot start before CC |
| **Balanced** | `RECCSCERAPRCAR` (SC before ER) | erxor_sc edge violated: SC cannot start before ER completes |
| **Permissive** | `RESCCCERAPRCAR` | CCxor_sc edge violated |
| **Permissive** | `RECCERAPExpedite ReviewRCAR` | exp_reviewAP edge violated: ER must precede AP |

---

# 7. Comparative Model Matrix

| Criterion | Conservative | Balanced | Permissive |
|---|---|---|---|
| **Expected fitness on 30 cases** | Perfect (1.0) — all 7 variants directly modeled | High (~0.95–1.0) — all traces generated via concurrent interpretation; some edge cases (v5, v6, v7) rely on concurrent completion ordering | High (~0.90–0.95) — similar to balanced; v5 generated more naturally via relaxed prerequisite |
| **Precision risk** | Very low — language = observed traces | Moderate — admits unobserved traces (e.g., SC+ER both absent) | Higher — admits more unobserved interleavings |
| **Generalization potential** | None — cannot produce novel traces | Good — concurrent CC/ER and optional SC/ER generalize well | Excellent — broadest language covers future variability |
| **Structural simplicity** | Simple (XOR of sequences) but large (7 branches × 7–8 nodes) | Moderate — partial order + nested XORs | Moderate — same structure as balanced with relaxed edge |
| **Explainability** | Very high — "these are the exact paths we've seen" | Moderate — "CC and ER run in parallel, then SC/ER optional" | Moderate — "CC and ER parallel, SC can start early, ER flexible" |
| **Robustness to missing SC events** | Poor — missing SC traces must match v3 or v4 exactly | Good — SC-absent path exists via XOR | Good — same as balanced |
| **Handling of unseen interleavings** | Poor — rejects any novel ordering | Good — concurrent CC/ER admits multiple orderings | Excellent — relaxed prerequisite admits more interleavings |
| **Suitability for compliance** | High — only allows observed behavior | Moderate — some unobserved behavior admitted | Lower — more unobserved behavior, harder to audit |
| **Suitability for exploration** | Low — rigid | Moderate — reasonable generalization | High — broadest coverage for discovery |

---

# 8. Validation Code

```python
"""
Validation code for three candidate process models.
Requires: pm4py >= 2.7 (POWL support), Python >= 3.8
Limitations:
  - ProcessTree language comparison is finite (7 variants).
  - POWL playout is sampled, not exhaustive.
  - Cannot prove language inclusion via sampling.
"""

import pm4py
from pm4py.objects.log.obj import EventLog, Trace, Event
from pm4py.objects.process_tree.obj import ProcessTree, Operator
from pm4py.objects.powl.obj import (
    StrictPartialOrder, OperatorPOWL, Transition, SilentTransition
)

# ============================================================
# PART 1: Reconstruct the 30-case event log
# ============================================================

log_data = [
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Engineering Review", "Credit Check",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Engineering Review", "Credit Check",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Supplier Confirmation",
     "Engineering Review", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Expedite Review",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
    ("Register Order", "Engineering Review", "Credit Check",
     "Expedite Review", "Supplier Confirmation",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),
]

log_counts = [12, 7, 4, 3, 2, 1, 1]

def build_event_log():
    """Build the 30-case event log as a PM4Py EventLog."""
    log = EventLog()
    case_id = 0
    for variant, count in zip(log_data, log_counts):
        for _ in range(count):
            case_id += 1
            trace = Trace()
            trace.attributes["concept:name"] = f"case_{case_id}"
            for act in variant:
                event = Event()
                event["concept:name"] = act
                trace.append(event)
            log.append(trace)
    return log

event_log = build_event_log()
print(f"Event log: {len(event_log)} cases, "
      f"{len(set(tuple(e['concept:name'] for e in t) for t in event_log))} unique variants")

# ============================================================
# PART 2: Build the three candidate models
# ============================================================

# --- Helper for ProcessTree ---
_node_id = [0]
def _nid():
    _node_id[0] += 1
    return _node_id[0]

def _T(label):
    t = ProcessTree(id=_nid())
    t.label = label
    return t

def _tau():
    t = ProcessTree(id=_nid())
    t.label = None
    return t

def _seq(*children):
    s = ProcessTree(id=_nid())
    s.operator = Operator.SEQUENCE
    for c in children:
        s.children.append(c)
        c.parent = s
    return s

def _xor(*children):
    x = ProcessTree(id=_nid())
    x.operator = Operator.XOR
    for c in children:
        x.children.append(c)
        c.parent = x
    return x

# --- Conservative Model (ProcessTree) ---
v1 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Credit Check"),
          _T("Engineering Review"), _T("Supplier Confirmation"),
          _T("Approve Configuration"), _T("Release Production"),
          _T("Archive Case"))

v2 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Engineering Review"),
          _T("Credit Check"), _T("Supplier Confirmation"),
          _T("Approve Configuration"), _T("Release Production"),
          _T("Archive Case"))

v3 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Credit Check"),
          _T("Engineering Review"), _T("Approve Configuration"),
          _T("Release Production"), _T("Archive Case"))

v4 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Engineering Review"),
          _T("Credit Check"), _T("Approve Configuration"),
          _T("Release Production"), _T("Archive Case"))

v5 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Credit Check"),
          _T("Supplier Confirmation"), _T("Engineering Review"),
          _T("Approve Configuration"), _T("Release Production"),
          _T("Archive Case"))

v6 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Credit Check"),
          _T("Engineering Review"), _T("Supplier Confirmation"),
          _T("Expedite Review"), _T("Approve Configuration"),
          _T("Release Production"), _T("Archive Case"))

v7 = _seq(_T("Register Order"), _T("Engineering Review"),
          _T("Credit Check"), _T("Expedite Review"),
          _T("Supplier Confirmation"), _T("Approve Configuration"),
          _T("Release Production"), _T("Archive Case"))

model_conservative = _xor(v1, v2, v3, v4, v5, v6, v7)
print(f"Conservative model: {pm4py.format_process_tree(model_conservative)}")


# --- Helper for POWL balanced/permissive ---
def build_powl_model(relax_er_to_sc=False):
    """
    Build the POWL model.
    If relax_er_to_sc=True: no edge from ER to XOR (permissive: SC after CC only).
    If relax_er_to_sc=False: edge from ER to XOR (balanced: SC after both checks).
    """
    ro    = Transition(label="Register Order", id="ro")
    cc    = Transition(label="Credit Check", id="cc")
    er    = Transition(label="Engineering Review", id="er")
    sc    = Transition(label="Supplier Confirmation", id="sc")
    exp1  = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp1")
    tau1  = SilentTransition(id="tau1")
    ac1   = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac1")
    exp2  = Transition(label="Expedite Review", id="exp2")
    tau2  = SilentTransition(id="tau2")
    ac2   = Transition(label="Approve Configuration", id="ac2")
    rp    = Transition(label="Release Production", id="rp")
    ar    = Transition(label="Archive Case", id="ar")

    # Inner XOR: optional Expedite Review (path A)
    xor_exp1 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp1, tau1])
    # Path A: SC  (exp XOR tau)  AP
    path_a = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[sc, xor_exp1, ac1])
    path_a.order.add_edge(sc, xor_exp1)
    path_a.order.add_edge(xor_exp1, ac1)

    # Inner XOR: optional Expedite Review (path B)
    xor_exp2 = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[exp2, tau2])
    # Path B: (exp XOR tau)  AP
    path_b = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[xor_exp2, ac2])
    path_b.order.add_edge(xor_exp2, ac2)

    # Outer XOR: SC path vs. no-SC path
    xor_sc = OperatorPOWL(operator=Operator.XOR, children=[path_a, path_b])

    # Middle: concurrent CC + ER
    middle = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[cc, er, xor_sc])
    middle.order.add_edge(cc, xor_sc)  # CC must complete before XOR fires
    if not relax_er_to_sc:
        middle.order.add_edge(er, xor_sc)  # BALANCED: ER also required

    # Add cross-scope edges for exp_review prerequisite
    # (requires both CC and ER to complete)
    try:
        middle.order.add_edge(cc, exp1)
        middle.order.add_edge(er, exp1)
        middle.order.add_edge(cc, exp2)
        middle.order.add_edge(er, exp2)
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  [NOTE] Cross-scope edge addition: {e}")
        print("  (exp_review prerequisite may need model restructuring)")

    # Tail
    tail = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[rp, ar])
    tail.order.add_edge(rp, ar)

    # Full model
    model = StrictPartialOrder(nodes=[ro, middle, tail])
    model.order.add_edge(ro, middle)
    model.order.add_edge(middle, tail)
    return model

model_balanced = build_powl_model(relax_er_to_sc=False)
model_permissive = build_powl_model(relax_er_to_sc=True)

print("Balanced and permissive models created.")

# ============================================================
# PART 3: Convert to Petri nets and check soundness
# ============================================================

def convert_and_check(model, name, is_tree=False):
    """Convert model to Petri net and run soundness check."""
    print(f"\n{'='*60}")
    print(f"Model: {name}")
    print(f"{'='*60}")
    
    try:
        if is_tree:
            net, im, fm = pm4py.convert_to_petri_net(model)
        else:
            net, im, fm = pm4py.convert_to_petri_net(model)
        
        print(f"  Places: {len(net.places)}")
        print(f"  Transitions: {len(net.transitions)}")
        print(f"  Arcs: {len(net.arcs)}")
        print(f"  Initial marking: {im}")
        print(f"  Final marking: {fm}")
        
        # Soundness check
        is_sound = pm4py.check_soundness(net, im, fm, print_diagnostics=False)
        print(f"  Sound: {is_sound}")
        
        return net, im, fm, is_sound
        
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  ERROR during conversion: {e}")
        return None, None, None, False

net_cons, im_cons, fm_cons, sound_cons = convert_and_check(
    model_conservative, "Conservative (ProcessTree)", is_tree=True)
net_bal, im_bal, fm_bal, sound_bal = convert_and_check(
    model_balanced, "Balanced (POWL)")
net_perm, im_perm, fm_perm, sound_perm = convert_and_check(
    model_permissive, "Permissive (POWL)")

# ============================================================
# PART 4: Compute fitness, precision, generalization, simplicity
# ============================================================

def compute_metrics(log, net, im, fm, name):
    """Compute available quality metrics."""
    print(f"\nMetrics for {name}:")
    
    if net is None:
        print("  [SKIPPED] Net not available")
        return {}
    
    metrics = {}
    
    # Fitness (alignment-based)
    try:
        fitness = pm4py.fitness_alignments(log, net, im, fm)
        metrics['fitness'] = fitness
        print(f"  Fitness: {fitness}")
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  Fitness ERROR: {e}")
    
    # Precision (alignment-based)
    try:
        precision = pm4py.precision_alignments(log, net, im, fm)
        metrics['precision'] = precision
        print(f"  Precision: {precision}")
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  Precision ERROR: {e}")
    
    # Generalization
    try:
        gen = pm4py.generalization_tbr(log, net, im, fm)
        metrics['generalization'] = gen
        print(f"  Generalization: {gen}")
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  Generalization ERROR: {e}")
    
    # Simplicity
    try:
        simp = pm4py.simplicity_petri_net(net, im, fm)
        metrics['simplicity'] = simp
        print(f"  Simplicity: {simp}")
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  Simplicity ERROR: {e}")
    
    return metrics

metrics_cons = compute_metrics(event_log, net_cons, im_cons, fm_cons, "Conservative")
metrics_bal = compute_metrics(event_log, net_bal, im_bal, fm_bal, "Balanced")
metrics_perm = compute_metrics(event_log, net_perm, im_perm, fm_perm, "Permissive")

# ============================================================
# PART 5: Bounded playout (sampled, not exhaustive)
# ============================================================

def run_playout(model, name, n_traces=500, is_tree=False):
    """Run playout and collect generated traces."""
    print(f"\nPlayout for {name} ({n_traces} traces):")
    
    try:
        if is_tree:
            playout_log = pm4py.play_out(
                model, variant="playout_process_tree",
                parameters={"num_traces": n_traces})
        else:
            # For POWL, convert to Petri net first and playout from net
            net, im, fm = pm4py.convert_to_petri_net(model)
            playout_log = pm4py.play_out(
                net, im, fm,
                parameters={"num_traces": n_traces})
        
        # Extract unique traces
        generated = set()
        for trace in playout_log:
            act_seq = tuple(e["concept:name"] for e in trace if e["concept:name"] is not None)
            generated.add(act_seq)
        
        print(f"  Generated {len(generated)} unique trace variants")
        for i, trace in enumerate(sorted(generated, key=lambda t: -sum(
            1 for t2 in [tuple(e['concept:name'] for e in tr) 
                        for tr in playout_log] if t2 == trace
        ))[:10]):
            count = sum(1 for tr in playout_log 
                       if tuple(e['concept:name'] for e in tr) == trace)
            print(f"    {trace} (appeared {count} times)")
        
        return generated, playout_log
        
    except Exception as e:
        print(f"  Playout ERROR: {e}")
        return set(), None

playout_cons, playout_log_cons = run_playout(
    model_conservative, "Conservative", is_tree=True)
playout_bal, playout_log_bal = run_playout(
    model_balanced, "Balanced")
playout_perm, playout_log_perm = run_playout(
    model_permissive, "Permissive")

# ============================================================
# PART 6: Manual trace suite (positive and negative)
# ============================================================

def check_trace_in_model(trace_tuple, generated_traces, model_name):
    """Check if a trace is in the generated set."""
    present = trace_tuple in generated_traces
    status = " ADMITTED" if present else " REJECTED"
    return present, status

# Positive traces (should be admitted by all models)
positive_traces = [
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # variant 1
    ("Register Order", "Engineering Review", "Credit Check",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # variant 2
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # variant 3
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Expedite Review",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # variant 6
]

# Negative traces (should be rejected by all models)
negative_traces = [
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Approve Configuration", "Supplier Confirmation",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # SC after AP
    ("Register Order", "Supplier Confirmation", "Credit Check",
     "Engineering Review", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # SC before CC
    ("Credit Check", "Register Order", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # CC before RE
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Supplier Confirmation", "Approve Configuration",
     "Archive Case", "Release Production"),  # AR before RC
]

# Borderline traces (model-dependent)
borderline_traces = [
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Expedite Review", "Approve Configuration",
     "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # ER present, SC absent
    ("Register Order", "Credit Check", "Engineering Review",
     "Expedite Review", "Supplier Confirmation",
     "Approve Configuration", "Release Production", "Archive Case"),  # ER before SC
]

print("\n" + "="*80)
print("TRACE SUITE VALIDATION")
print("="*80)

for model_name, generated in [("Conservative", playout_cons),
                                ("Balanced", playout_bal),
                                ("Permissive", playout_perm)]:
    print(f"\n--- {model_name} ---")
    
    print("  Positive traces (should be admitted):")
    for trace in positive_traces:
        present, status = check_trace_in_model(trace, generated, model_name)
        print(f"    {status}: {''.join(trace[-3:])}")
    
    print("  Negative traces (should be rejected):")
    for trace in negative_traces:
        present, status = check_trace_in_model(trace, generated, model_name)
        # For negative traces, REJECTED is good
        good = "GOOD" if not present else "BAD"
        print(f"    {status} [{good}]: {''.join(trace[-3:])}")
    
    print("  Borderline traces (model-dependent):")
    for trace in borderline_traces:
        present, status = check_trace_in_model(trace, generated, model_name)
        print(f"    {status}: {''.join(trace[-3:])}")

# ============================================================
# PART 7: Limitations statement
# ============================================================

print("\n" + "="*80)
print("LIMITATIONS")
print("="*80)
print("""
1. Playout is SAMPLED, not exhaustive. The Conservative model's language is finite
   (7 variants) and can be exhaustively enumerated. The Balanced and Permissive
   models have infinite or very large languages that cannot be fully explored.

2. Sampled playout CANNOT prove language inclusion. A trace not appearing in 500
   samples may still be in the language. Conversely, a trace appearing does not
   prove it's correct—it may represent a rare, undesirable path.

3. The Conservative model uses XOR enumeration, which is semantically correct
   but produces a large, unbalanced tree. PM4Py's process tree formatter may
   truncate or abbreviate it.

4. Cross-scope edges in POWL (e.g., ccexp1 where exp1 is inside a nested PO)
   depend on PM4Py's implementation. If these edges are not supported, the
   exp_review prerequisite may not be enforced, and the models will admit
   more behavior than intended.

5. The event log reconstruction uses exact trace strings. If PM4Py's
   parse_event_log_string has different expectations, the reconstruction
   may need adjustment.
""")
```

---

# 9. Recommendation and Data-Collection Plan

## Model Recommendation

| Use Case | Recommended Model | Rationale |
|---|---|---|
| **Immediate use (compliance monitoring)** | **Conservative** | Only admits observed behavior; safest for regulatory or audit contexts. Low precision risk. |
| **Immediate use (process improvement)** | **Balanced** | Captures the most plausible generalization; good fitness-precision trade-off; identifies where data quality affects understanding. |
| **Sensitivity analysis** | **Permissive** | Run alongside balanced to quantify how much behavior the relaxed SC prerequisite admits. If permissive and balanced produce similar outputs, the SC prerequisite ambiguity doesn't matter. If they diverge significantly, this identifies the critical decision point. |

## Data-Collection Plan to Resolve Ambiguities

| Ambiguity | Current Evidence | Resolution Action | Expected Outcome |
|---|---|---|---|
| **CC vs. ER: concurrent or sequential?** | Both-direction DFG; S1 vs. S2 conflict; only completion timestamps | **Collect start timestamps** for CC and ER events. If CC-start < ER-start and CC-end > ER-start in most cases, concurrency is confirmed. | Distinguishes XOR(CC,ER, ER,CC) from PO({CC,ER}) |
| **SC prerequisite: both checks or one?** | D5 (low-med); Variant 5 observed; S1/S2 conflict | **Collect the external/stocked attribute** (S5). For external cases, check if SC-start < ER-end (relaxed prerequisite) or SC-start > max(CC-end, ER-end) (strict prerequisite). | Distinguishes balanced vs. permissive model |
| **SC missingness: design vs. data?** | 13% absence; S5 says 5–10% integration errors; S4 says stocked skip | **Collect external/stocked attribute** and **cross-reference SC event timestamps with integration logs**. If SC is missing AND external, it's a data error. If SC is missing AND stocked, it's a valid skip. | Separates data quality from true optionality |
| **Expedite Review timing** | D6 (med); S6; only 2 traces with ER | **Collect more cases with ER** (may require targeted sampling of expedited orders). Track whether ER-start > max(CC-end, ER-end) or ER-start > min(CC-end, ER-end). | Validates D6 prerequisite and ERSC ordering |
| **True concurrency** | D7 (unknown) | **Collect start timestamps AND resource assignments** for CC and ER. If assigned to different resources, concurrency is likely. If same resource, sequential is forced. | Definitive concurrency evidence |

**Maximally informative future traces**: 
- A trace with SC absent AND Expedite Review present (unobserved combination that would test both optionality conditions)
- A trace where CC-start > ER-start but CC-end < ER-end (overlapping execution, definitive concurrency evidence)
- A trace where SC-start < ER-start (definitive evidence of relaxed SC prerequisite)

---

# 10. Uncertainty Statement

| Modeling Decision | Confidence | Calibrated Assessment | Plausible Alternative |
|---|---|---|---|
| **RE first, AR last** | 99% | Virtually certain; all 30 traces and D1 agree | No plausible alternative |
| **AP  RC sequence** | 99% | Virtually certain; all 30 traces and D2 agree | No plausible alternative |
| **CC and ER concurrent** | 65% | Likely true; S2 + both-direction DFG strongly suggest it; but S1 contradicts and completion timestamps are ambiguous | CC always before ER (sequential); would make variant 2 a data error |
| **Both CC and ER precede AP** | 90% | High confidence; D3 and all traces agree | Very low probability of alternative |
| **SC optional** | 75% | Likely optional; 13% absence is consistent with S4+S5, but may be entirely data error | SC always required; 13% absence is 100% data error |
| **SC prerequisite = both checks** | 50% | Uncertain; D5 is low-med confidence; S1 says CC first, but variant 5 shows interleaving | SC after CC only (D5); material change to balanced model |
| **Expedite Review requires both checks** | 80% | High confidence; D6 and S6 agree; 2 traces confirm | ER after one check only; would change prerequisite edges |
| **ER optional, at most once** | 85% | High confidence; D6; only 2/30 traces have it | ER mandatory for some condition; ER can repeat |
| **No concurrent SC and ER start** | 60% | Moderate; S6 says ER "before or after" SC, but doesn't explicitly allow concurrent start | SC and ER can fire simultaneously if both prerequisites met |

**Critical alternative interpretation that would change the recommendation**: If **S1 is correct** (CC always finishes before ER starts, i.e., strict sequential order), then:
- The concurrent interpretation collapses to `(CC, ER)` (sequence)
- Variant 2 (ERCC) becomes a data-quality error (possibly logged in wrong order)
- The balanced model should use `(CC, ER)` not `PO({CC, ER})`
- The 23% of traces with ERCC become suspicious and need investigation
- This would shift all three models toward a sequential core, dramatically simplifying them

**Second critical alternative**: If **all SC-absent traces are data errors** (i.e., SC is always required for external components and 100% of our cases are external), then:
- The XOR(sc, ) should be removed; SC becomes mandatory
- The conservative model's variants 3 and 4 become data artifacts
- The balanced and permissive models' "SC absent" paths should be removed
- This reduces model complexity but increases fitness loss on the 13% of SC-absent traces

Both alternatives are plausible and resolvable with the data-collection plan in §9.